hey guys going on making here so after
my return to YouTube I got a lot of
questions a lot of messages of pretty
much British I saw how popular nucleus
of a little God after I left you know
and it's amazing because at the time
everyone thought I was full of [ __ ] I
remember the first time I made an
inclusive little video you know don't
forget I called inclusive a little for
[ __ ] reason everyone was like artists
the broad science this is [ __ ] it's
not true this is not this guy's just
talking out of his ass right and I told
you guys the science will always catch
up to the broad science go watch my
original video on a full body training
nucleus Overlord high frequency all that
stuff years before it was popular years
before anyone mentioned it right and I
got so much [ __ ] backlash because at
the time if you are not doing bro split
you were full of [ __ ] so I was like oh
that's overtraining that's not gonna
work this guy's not an expert what is he
talking about
and I was like guys I have nothing to
sell I'm just showing you guys
everything that I learned from so ever
since I was a kid so this video I'm
gonna wrap up it's gonna be the best
video you will ever see on muscle growth
period right
so not only I'm gonna cover all the
bases on the coolest overload but I'm
also gonna go into you know muscle
growth and all that stuff right so stay
tuned grab some popcorn and be ready and
everyone has said that nucleus overload
was [ __ ] be ready to be proven wrong
and I'm waiting for your [ __ ] apology
after this all right let's get started
so we're gonna talk about how it all
started
ever since I was a kid the crazy stories
and the scientific studies backing it up
right and most of these studies actually
came after I released a video which is
insane by the time you done watching
this you think I'm a [ __ ] time
traveler but let's go alright how it all
started so first let's talk about the
four pillars a nucleus overload right
remember I named it nucleus over lower
right I pulled a name out of my ass and
unis exactly why I called the nucleus of
a lord but um here the four pillars
extremely high frequency so service
several times
- every day in some cases several times
during the same day extremely high time
on attention extremely high volume right
and that's really weekly monthly volume
whatever and extremely high recovery
previous those are the four colors the
michaelis of a lot and I'm gonna show
you exactly why focus on these four why
I put them you know I decided to put all
four these together so you see this is
how it all started look at my [ __ ]
genetics okay this was me at about nine
or ten years old I believe ten years old
look at my genetics okay fat puffy face
night now you guys could see where the
cheeks come from right those will never
go away
[ __ ] genetics and look at the stomach
look at the arms right and I was my
sister next to me in fact me and my
sister ate the exact same diet exact
same diet on everything was structured
on and on the plate
same quantities whatever and she just
met she just metabolizes glucose pretty
[ __ ] well meanwhile majin buu over
here as you can clearly see I was
insulin resistant from a [ __ ] kid by
anyway the thing is I was always looking
at look at his [ __ ] cheeks but I was
always obsessed with muscle bro even as
a kid I was always obsessed with muscle
growth growing up see those were my he
was growing up anything that I watched
the buffest character was always my
favorite character I was obsessed with
muscle growth yes or more broadly was
just my dude when that movie came out I
couldn't stop sneaking to my friends
that's just to watch it over and over
again because my mom what I'm [ __ ] by
it super V you guys already know if you
know me Vegeta is my number one
character of all time
well he went super VGA again said I
busted so many nuts
venom in spider-man was always my
favorite just because he was just buff
as hell door banging Batman you know
when freeze did one max power so I was
always obsessed what would you choose
Paul gene [ __ ] Muslims I was never
the guy that I was into I know it's the
trend nowadays people like super lean
super rip physics I was never into that
right I was always going to show me the
biggest most buff - with the biggest
traps in the show that was always my guy
so it led me to study months ago he led
me to you know even as a kid I was
always observing you know just anyone I
was buff I would always observe
to see what were they doing you know cuz
I was sound of looking like this
right and it led me to the Wilbur guys
now this is not the actual world barrel
guys that I mentioned in my stories I
actually got this from holy crap on let
me put a stopwatch so I don't make this
real too long I actually got this just
randomly on Google but when I was a kid
my mom had a construction my mom was uh
you know trying to build a house so she
had a bunch of construction workers in
West Africa I'm from Ivory Coast and she
hired I mean you know they had to come
in and it was a seasonal job right and
those construction workers most of what
they did throughout the day was just
load up well barrels full of heavy [ __ ]
heavy cement breaks whatever because at
the time I mean this was about nineteen
ninety something West Africa and they
were not using machinery I mean we just
poor guys trying to make a living so
they will load up stuff on wheelbarrows
and they would carry him up and down up
and down up in search field and I will
observe them for one reason all of those
guys all of those guys had some huge
freakin traps that was skinny they were
skinny because they were malnourished I
mean come on
right it was skinny they were lean
whatever but I just had big huge straps
right and I never understood what as a
kid because I was like me and I was I
was at the time I was even less than ten
so I was like I don't know why the
trucks were so big all right now suck
man these guys almost have no necks like
what is going on as a kid I didn't know
that they were dory pretty much doing
formal walks you know which is really
what world barrel carrying is you do
informal walks all day and they were
loading up these barrels but I didn't
know that when I was a kid right it was
something I observed and I kept that in
the back of my mind you know it's not
like at seven years old I had [ __ ]
EMG
electrodes in [ __ ] I could go up and put
it all over their bodies and figure out
what was going on so we'll come back to
the world Burwood story right but just
keep in mind that those guys had you and
it's not this guy I just took a picture
so you guys could see what I'm talking
about
the second thing that I notice that the
kid was we had these guys where I call
him the shark all [ __ ] right
there work merchants there was cell I
don't know if it's charcoal or chocolate
I guess he's shark oh by the way English
is my second language so give me a break
guys that was so soccer right and what
they would do is they would load up
these circles on the back of the
bicycles right and then they will just
write it you know up and down
my assassin salad that will load these
bicycles super-heavy now there was this
one guy it was him and his apprentice
right they she lived around the house
and and our house was like in his area
but it was huge Hills right a whole
neighborhood it was a bunch of [ __ ]
hills and those two guys the guy his
apprentice that had some of the biggest
quads I had ever seen I think and keep
in mind that was skinny so the skinny
guys come a lot of these guys are eating
you know a caloric deficit their poor
[ __ ] whatever so he wasn't buff him in
his apprentice they were not pop they
just had these big-ass quads right now I
didn't put two and two together and
getting much I was a [ __ ] low ass kid
right but as I got older I realize these
guys were riding up and down some of the
steepest hills you could ever think of
right 24 might not want to serve but
every single day that was the job every
day to ride up the hill I saw calls by a
back down cover and those two guys had
some of the biggest quality obviously
meanwhile the other circle guys had
normal sized quads right but I never
made the connection obviously as you
watching a video you could hope you
could already see where this is going
and they were doing this every single
day so effectively they were doing leg
workouts if not you know lunges on the
bicycles uphill every single day right
let's move on fishermen right west if
you guys ever been to West Africa you
notice that West African fishermen first
of all what's African is already known
for having good muscle mass good most of
genetics right that's the fact right but
West African fishermen
blow every other category of West
Africans out of proportion when it comes
to muscle mass right because every
single day I don't know if you guys ever
so fishermen in poor countries every
single day they're rolling which is
already a back workout they have to row
out and his cheap-ass bolts sometimes
they're rolling you know under intense
currents you know I just extremely hard
so requires very very very famous
resistance training right they would
cause a lot of muscle mass and they were
doing this every single day on top of
that when we get to the to the fishing
locations there was a bunch of different
activities some of them would actually
dive into the water to try to like pick
up they would dive under the water with
buckets right and they will pick up this
sand at the bottom of the river because
back then and I think to say you could
sell it for a lot of money not a lot of
money in our you know a lot of money to
us but today was a lot of money so we'll
dive under the water market is strong
currents and it would just you know fill
up these buckets up to 30 pounds of sand
and then it would swim back up and never
do this all day long on top of the other
guys numbers with the other guys in the
booth which is fishermen that we just go
and fish whatever and they all had
incredible physics incredible physics
right because essentially they were just
working out every single day full-body
workouts you know how much muscle mass
he needs to be able to carry that bucket
of water from the bottom of the river
you know to top on top of rolling with
these heavy currents so it's insane
these guys were ripped ripped and if you
think I was just cause of the black
genetics you see I'm show you examples
from countries that are known for not
having a lot Muslim eyes and look at
these guys look at that
I found it spooky online um but again
you could go to Africa if you ever get a
chance and just go about a you know
about a Riverside you'll just saw
whatever and watch fish in it when I
take their shirts off these guys look
like bodybuilders in fact I got this
photo online because uh there was a
journalist I believe who went there just
to take a picture of these guys just say
like what is going on these guys are the
opinion so you mean to tell me all these
guys just met just magically have better
genetics than the rest of the West
Africans no it's the activity daily
full-body training it's really as many
upper body and they're all just rip and
then the funny thing is a lot of not
even know that they pay because they
don't see the mister living they just do
that for a living they they swim as you
can see here right look at he got to the
left
this guy can't win a natural
bodybuilding show meanwhile he's just
wanna survive right those buckets a
heaviest [ __ ] and these guys were so
jacked
even as a kid I remember like whenever
once would Columbus and which was like
by the beach and we saw the fishermen
when I took their shirts off it was
insane and I was always like man like
what is so freaking Jack know but again
like I said as I got older I figured I
work which is what you know which is
what this the whole point of this
PowerPoint slide is you're gonna see how
eventually we're gonna lead into all
this and I had to cover up his butt but
look at his back right
all of them have that all of them in
Cameroon in Ghana you know you could
look at any fishermen their backside you
fella why because when you're rolling
think about it you do Monroes you're
doing [ __ ] dumbbell rolls guess we're
oh man so look at the real does look at
his mid traps and rhomboids insane
development meanwhile the other West
Africans they're relatively lean but not
as Jack as those fishermen work look at
his shoulders all right well does all
that stuff right so I'll observe that
growing up
no going up I was over there but again I
didn't know the science behind it to me
was just like man I want to be that big
one day right look at this insane
development right now for you guys
thinking oh this is just because they're
black or the black whatever even though
there's a [ __ ] make sense cause in
that case I would be [ __ ] Jack I'm
West African you know you don't see me
with that kind of anyway let's go to
Indonesia
these are suffer miners long story short
they go up volcanoes I'm gonna have to
speed it up now because this video is
already [ __ ] long but they go up they
go up these huge [ __ ] volcanoes so
mine sulfur right in order to sell it so
they have to put it on their backs right
and I saw this documentary years ago and
it blew my mind how most of you guys
obviously skinny and you know the manner
is undernourished whatever but they
would carry these heavy a stains on
their shoulders on their upper backs for
hours on end right walking up the
volcano walking back there whatever how
much I'm gonna documentary and I'm like
what the [ __ ] these guys had some shoe
straps for skinny dudes right which
obviously makes this I mean if you ask
anyone who you know who squats a lot of
squats every day or every other day
you're gonna feel it in your traps cuz
obviously your upper back your upper
traps have to stabilize the you know you
know the bar so even though you're not
really shrugging right you're still
putting that muscle under intense stress
it's a lead to at least a muscle damage
and all that stuff all right and look
now this is definitely this is just
damaged it's not even hot per trophy
this is just like [ __ ] months of
damage you know leading to swelling you
know but still these guys had big tribes
for skinny dudes and I never doing this
every single day if you watch the
documentary every day look at this look
at his left trap nice a combination of
obviously swelling from injury
the weight being you know so damn heavy
but also hypertrophy alright
extremely developer and these are not
Africans look at it's not a [ __ ]
African right right so I don't wanna
hear the whole genetic stuff right every
single day they were doing this all
right look at this oh man look at look
at his [ __ ] trap more so just bulging
look at his arms look at his arms guys
this guy's probably like what 80 years
old 70 60 I'm [ __ ] out
well I'm exaggerating to 80 but his holy
[ __ ] and he's Asian right
so I don't hear oh well you guys gonna
tell me what agents have the most fast
efficient you know muscle fire with your
necks no this is just repeated work over
and over again
heavy single weights every day and
that's the key that we're doing this
every day not cuz they wanted to be
jackets just to make a living right you
can see these traps here alright I had
to steal this picture online see that
look at that okay by anyway then it
leads you to the muay thai story you
probably saw the video ready so I'm
gonna try to go really fast long story
short I found this story when I was just
studying Travis you know years ago and
this guy he was a Muay Thai fighter and
the other that was actually had nothing
to do it we're bodybuilding it was a
article about fighting I think with MMA
or some stuff I don't know if I remember
and the god I was interviewing master he
said hey why why would you trap so big
when you were young keep in mind these
guys are not bodybuilders they were not
intending to to whatever No so the old
man told him you just saw find an
article online well he told me when he
was a kid he was extremely skinny and
you know he was on competing Muay Thai
and his master told him hey in order to
get your weight up I need you to carry
two buckets of water heavy buckets of
water up and there are things like two
hours a day or some [ __ ] every single
day so you essentially he was doing
farmer walks almost like the the
construction workers from when I was a
kid the wheelbarrow guys that's exact
same crap development those guys had so
this guy was essentially doing farmer
walks every day
[ __ ] to two hours just walking carrying
a heavy buckets order and a master
taught him hey you know that's what
that's gonna get you so pretty much you
so not only you work let me be at the
same time you know it's gonna hit you
bigger and sure enough
his whole body thank you babe but his
traps got bacon and that helped him
intimidate other fighters and this was a
everyday thing he was doing this every
single day for hours Megan I'm not
recommending you guys do this [ __ ] I'm
just showing you guys other stories
right moving along let me to the Johnny
Jackson story if you guys don't know by
now Johnny Jackson is my favorite
bodybuilder walks out up there with
Kevin Love Ronnie Ronnie Coleman you
know Lee and all those guys why you
guessed it I told you when I was a kid I
loved buff dudes with big traps I was
obsessed with traps as a kid so when I
saw Johnny Jackson years years years ago
I was I fell in love awesome and he's
got straps a [ __ ] humongous and I was
wounded why strap so damn big of course
not know about steroids and all that
stuff I'm not a guys I study
bodybuilding in and hypertrophy you know
all my spare time history it's one of my
biggest obsessions so I figured hey it
can't just be the steroids right because
obviously a lot of body builders check
steroids and no have traps that'd be all
right like it also can't be just
genetics because 99.9% of IBB pros have
some of the best genetics in the world
yet they don't have that tough
development I mean just look at Kai
grain straps you know look at BAM pack
of ski straps you know no hate to these
guys but you know why except so damn big
so I kept studying said man yet has to
be a reason long story short and you got
sort of video already John Jackson saw
this story about how when he was a kid
he wanted to impress people because he
was he was insanely strong as a kid so
he wanted to impress people so at the
end of all his workouts he will put a
ton of plates on the bar and he would
just do a bunch of shrug shrug shrug
shrug at the end of every workout you
ready every single time so this was a
high-frequency thing it wasn't once a
[ __ ] week right he would do heavy
shrugs and I and I and I pictured it I
was like wait a minute if he put that
much weight on the ball he's running
emotional [ __ ] so effective effectively
he was just getting crazy stress
overload on his traps which you guys
know if you see my video on HSB training
and why stretching is the best way to
you know to build muscle and stuff crazy
eccentric action on straps right and on
top of that it's not it there was a it
was also a starting out when he was a
kid he was working I think was like
something about I don't if she was a
farm or something but anyway he had to
load up pallets into the back of a truck
as a kid and and the guy that hired him
you know
was impressed by strap you know you know
you're really strong so Johnny Jackson
loved that and that made him want to do
it even more so what he to do is it was
just like pile up these paths these
pallets every single time anyway in
sexually he was doing power cleans right
he was doing power cleans without even
knowing it I up I roll up our claim
whatever you want to call it so he
pretty much built up so much nuclei in
his traps as a kid and eventually you
guys know it when he became a
bodybuilder and he started you know
taking you know what guess what grew
even more alright his traps look at that
right I love Johnny Jackson such a
humble guy to look at he straps all
right and he says that he even tries to
make them smaller because it stops him
from squatting because you know he can't
really put their so big that they're
actually a detriment but too late you
know he has too much nuclei that [ __ ]
alright let's move on so I started
looking at just everything else right
this is a strongman
right so one of the one of the best or
main competitors if you know this know
of course I know drugs are involved in
all that stuff but I get like I said I'm
showing you guys example some people who
are both natural and enhance so you can
see that it has nothing to do with just
genetics or whatever it works across the
board right strongman have some of the
biggest traps in a lifting world what
look at every strongman exercise it
soaks up work right whether you are you
doing for my walks or you know they're
carrying that I don't know what mostly
is exercise a [ __ ] cold but you look
at the typical strongman workout and
it's all traps traps traps traps traps
and directly directly that trainer trust
was such high value mister shower
frequency is insane right and of course
you added you know a little vitamin s to
that and you get stuff like this alright
see former walks right and you think
these guys do a strongman training once
a week or twice a week as frequently as
they can if not every other day and of
course that takes out my recover and all
that but Olympic lifters all right look
at this guy Chinese Olympic lifter look
at his trap development and what Olympic
lifters to think about it I saw
snatching clings power clean snatch
clean power cleans naturally it's all
trap all except work because eventually
essentially you're doing the deadlift
off the floor alright deadlift then
you're doing a claim just sort of an
upright row using
Menem and in a precedent overhead which
is the thing about it that's the
function of the trapezius muscle the
deadlift is the functional trapezius
muscle right because one of the the
functions of the trapezius is to keep
your arms attached to your body right
so actually pulling up which is why I
made this video about right poles years
ago and again people thought I was full
of [ __ ] and now everyone's talking about
records right so they essentially doing
that off to off the floor keeping their
arms attached to their bodies right put
in and what was the other function of
the trapezius the upper traps help you
will show the prices right because they
attached to your [ __ ] clavicle so
they're bring it close to your you know
onto the back your neck so they doing
trap work every single day whether they
want it or not and look at their trap
development all right now this story you
know he didn't do but this story is
hilarious this is Chris Cormier by the
way quickly you know for you young uns
one of the greatest bodybuilders sadly
never went on Olympia but he was a
really really good by the builders of
the 90s I love this guy so anyways I was
studying him you know years ago and he
had his story very interesting story he
said that when he was a kid and used to
play football there was a there was
another kid in his high school team
right in his high school football team
that had these shoes traps he said his
trust was so big right that he had
stretch marks on him [ __ ] think about it
for a second stretch marks on his traps
all right and guess what that kid did
every single time he said when everyone
else was doing benching and all the
typical high school football stuff that
kid was constantly doing shrugs and our
parole frogs in our parole
shrugs on the pebbles and he has some of
the biggest traps ever do you think
that's a coincidence
not again I'm so about the kid and I
Chris caught me right so when he told
that story I was like holy [ __ ] holy
[ __ ] how many more stories do you need
right and this is hunson you guys
remember honza Hans I had some of the
freakiest traps you could think about
you guys you guys know what Hans was
called back in a back in CSI he was
called shoulders why because he trained
shoulders every single day every day in
fact he would tread shoulders twice at
8:00 in the morning he would go to the
gym trained shoulders go to class
and then after class with trench
shoulders again all he wanted was big
shoulders but little did he know that he
was training traps because every
movement was doing
was really a trap boom he was doing
overhead prices like an at the top and
if you look at him every EMG study if
you like that at the top well there's an
overhead press or Dumbo pressed the
tension goes away from your shoulders
into your upper traps he was doing
upright rows which is one of the best
exercises for traps front raises lateral
raises it was just trap work 24/7 and
sure enough when he started focusing
more on optimizing the nutrition his
traps to blue the [ __ ] up in fact once
on my analyzes routine and he was doing
up to 80 sets now I don't recommend I'm
just showing you got stories he's doing
up to 80 sets of traps a week we're not
even knowing it he's just one of the
behind anti-crisis the okra rolls the
salad rolls you know like all the
different the back on back day nighty
ball roll all that stuff and he had a
crazy [ __ ] mid-back like that Cobra
back every single day right Marco he
loves me Marco same thing Michael used
to play rugby shoes trap development
from from his rugby days right huge
truck development if you guys watch the
old market videos this is by far his
best body part and he told me his coach
will had him do Lily just trap or
because when you playing rugby you don't
wanna get a concussion and a number one
way to prevent a concussion is literally
train your neck and traps so they were
doing a lot of trapping network every
single day and today his traps is one of
his best body parts right Mike Tyson you
guys know the story Mike testing she did
shrugs every day on top of network
alright and of course your necks
happened to your trapezius so it's very
hard to train especially the back your
neck very hard to train the back your
neck without engaging the trapezius and
he had a [ __ ] ridiculous snack
ballerinas puffiness in the calves again
I made videos about that puffiness on
the calves every single day whenever
they're practicing pretty much the
shrink happens every day calves calves
calves calves high volume high frequency
and some to be honest most girls Donna
ballerinas have better calves
development that all of us which is
insane you mean to tell me that just
have a good type of Jeanette good care
of genetics get the [ __ ] out of here
more calves here oh no now of course I
know owner is an outlier because you
have the steroids of the genetics and
all that but still Arnold had
calves you guys heard that story yeah we
calves growing up and even even when
he's on steroids he's casual weak so
what did he do he trained him every day
right and the rest was history
skaters speed skaters I don't you guys
ever saw them doing the Olympics or
whatever they have phenomenal quad
development and that's not even that
gold they're just trying to [ __ ]
skate right but because of the the
nature of their sport they develop
massive [ __ ] quads massive quad
now again I said massive relative to you
know the average person obviously a
bodybuilders gonna have bigger cause I
remember bodybuilders trying to get big
cause these guys are not they're just
doing their job and you think they
[ __ ] speed skate once a week I get so
mad when I hear about that once a week
[ __ ] it is not optimal
especially if United now you think these
guys skate once a week I don't know and
look at the car development right he's a
cyclist right track cyclist again watch
them doing their that stuff doing the
Olympics they have Monster [ __ ] quads
and it that literally training the legs
one way on another what is indirectly or
directly way more than once or twice a
week very high frequency because again
it is you're not gonna be an elite
athlete and say hey my paws need to
[ __ ] recover
I don't wanna over train so I'm only
gonna [ __ ] speed skater or do my
cycling [ __ ] on Monday hello now
don't get me wrong recovery is important
I'm not saying that I'm just saying that
once a week [ __ ] has to [ __ ] die
all right same thing sprinters look at
sprinter squads right Jimmy develop legs
you know pick the best friend at your
school look at his legs
even if it's a girl right you think
that's prime once a week now obviously
this guy's an outlier it's funny I was
looking at pictures and I was like you
know what I'm just laughing giggles cuz
this one I first thought was Photoshop
probably is I don't even [ __ ] know
but that's definitely our wire so we're
never gonna talk about that but [ __ ]
look at his quad and I've been at this
picture so same thing I thought it was
Photoshop probably is but if it's not
Jesus rollers right people that do this
[ __ ] for a [ __ ] living murder
fishermen example same thing that's the
white guy he's not West African right
now do you see
the amount of volume and frequency these
guys accumulate in one week when I
practicing for competitions and what's
the result shoes
biceps huge rear delts and again
relative to the average person I
relative to body builder right forearms
real deltoids the muscles that are
engaged in a rowing activity a bigger
than average right and I guarantee you
these guys started started bodybuilding
what body part do you think would be the
biggest think about what body part you
think will grow the fastest even if they
use the same volume on everything else
right boxes have you ever seen a boxer
with weak shoulders right what are you
doing when you're boxing practice boxing
right now right don't like [ __ ] 50
jabs right so across for like I don't
know 10 minutes what's gonna happen your
shoulders so [ __ ] burned that's the
main function of the shoulders right
what are you doing an uppercut what are
you doing a hook you engaging your dog
toys even keeping their arms up to
protect their faces right it's constant
shoulder work jab cross hook uppercut
jab cross hook uppercut shoulder and you
think a boxer you know trains his
punches once a week
get out of here with that right look at
that crazy shoulder development right
and and again fisherman I African
fishermen look at even from a young age
look at their shoulders from a young age
these guys have to roll that's literally
doing cable rows a dumbbell rows every
day they don't fish once a week hell no
it's the likelihood look at that look at
those shoulders look at the real dose
right here okay and I had to study
Spinjitzu
I hate people [ __ ] put on their water
more [ __ ] on the pictures look at
the trap development look at shoulder
development alright just wait till you
go to West Africa you will see this
everywhere and I just have to go to any
place where where the the main what the
the main source of income for the guys
is fish you do see some of the craziest
physics and it's guys India alright look
at his shoulder is oldest there
and liquid shoulder looks better than
most of us obviously gymnast right
gymnast and it biceps again some of
these guys are under the influence but
again I'm also showing you guys people
didn't Annie look at the shoulders look
at the biceps and that's all they do
what a gymnast to the crucifix pause
that's stupid strike from your side else
right they essentially don't pull ups
every damn day they're doing headstand
or hand-stained whatever even if I can
call it every single day right
and the result they have overdeveloped
biceps overdeveloped shoulders and also
over the workshop overdevelop triceps
from all the deep work I do a lot of
dips you think that train once a week
those muscles deena trainers body parts
once a week thank you their front delts
bodybuilders right and of course
everyone was the study that came out of
showing up you know most natural and
enhance bodybuilders have bigger funders
and stuff like that now let me ask you
this what is the body part that most
bodybuilders
over train what is the body part that
gains the most you show me any training
split I don't care just a split if it's
a full body workout you show me any
split and you add up the volume and also
the indirect volume right for every
muscle and you see that the front delts
always always always have the most value
always because your training even if
you're doing a split you're turning in
front that's when you're benching you're
sending your funders on shoulder day
you're training your front delts on
whenever you train triceps you do cause
great bands or dips right and in fact
you can you're training your funders
when you don't arm there if you ever arm
day and you're doing a lot of dips and I
said pressing movement finance so it is
it is the muscle that gains that has the
most volume for natural and enhanced
bodybuilders and what is our most
developed by but for most of us it's a
front dogs so the notion I used to train
the muscle once a week even if you're on
the split you're not training you fund
us once a week pure [ __ ] right and
of course you know prisoners right I
told you guys to start about with my
friend on a mission his name when he got
locked up for stealing some BS whatever
um came back I think was only I was six
months and he had of course it's not
having a picture I just had to find a
random picture line but he had insane
chest and tricep development and it was
just his chest and its triceps and you
wonder what he was doing push-ups and
recently he told me he was bored he had
nothing to do so you just do pushers and
of course you know you in jail you know
you know you obviously have to try to
get big so he would just be in his cell
I'm just doing push-ups push-ups every
single day accumulated did you think he
did ten sets a [ __ ] chest work a week
when you don't push this morning evening
afternoon and he came out with this huge
chest and triceps huge and of course
when he came back to you know civilian
life eventually everything went back
down cuz he stopped training he stopped
doing his push to something like
whatever but that was when I was I think
it was like 17 years old and I was like
holy cow like and that's when I started
working out and I was like I'm only
lifting weights he [ __ ] much I was doing
splits cuz I read it online you know you
gotta do splits yeah everyone was saying
you got a deuce please you gotta split
and I said are you doing splits in [ __ ]
lifting weights in this guy is so much
bigger just doing push-ups
no what is going on now this is
obviously ownership this is honor but
it's the older story you guys heard the
oldest story many times like that's my
Nigerian friend back when we're training
a CSI I would never forget that he came
in he wanted to you know have a big
chest that was his goal he just wanted
have a big chest he didn't care about
every other muscle he just wanted a big
chest so he came in and he just decided
to bench press every single day and we
used to laugh at you know I remember
like cuz I was an idiot I was like no
the song said you gotta clean the most
of once a week you know like a [ __ ]
[ __ ] he was like man [ __ ] that I'm
saying
chess everyday and I was like man you're
gonna over try and you're gonna get
smaller
long story short few months later he had
one of the biggest set of packs I had
ever seen and I picked this picture all
no because that's exactly what it just
looked like just in fact I'll notice
obviously leaner you know obviously all
I had more body fat but it was just big
and round and I couldn't believe my eyes
I mean everyone was I mean one of my
friend told me he's like dude did you
see her last chance cuz I took a break
from CSI that's when I dropped out and
all that did you see his chest as are we
talking about and when I saw I was like
oh my goodness
Chester just master he will literally
come to the gym and this is a bench
press bench press press press go home
come back next day for Christmas like in
I don't recommend that to everybody
again you know I'm gonna explain
everything at in the conclusion I'm just
showing you guys the stories everyone is
their friend whatever I'm just showing
you what these guys was on so don't be
an idiot and go over there and snap you
should have but anyway he's just blew
the [ __ ] up right and I remember I even
hit him up after I started my new
channel and I was like dude like do you
remember like your your chest workout
from back in the day he was like yeah
you know I wanted to [ __ ] my chest
that's what he I forgot the Facebook
conversation saved yeah no he wasn't the
only one you know check out my boy Alex
no you know I think he has a he started
uploading again but Alex was over in
that same gym another guy has a
phenomenal chest same thing chests every
day know me and then when I when I
started implementing with my shitty
genetics right this my chest is my best
part about my chest because I did so
much nucleus overload on it and in fact
I did by accident right I was doing
push-ups every day now because I'm no
but come at the time I didn't even know
the science behind it right
I was the push-ups every day because I
was in swim class and it was his friend
of mine his name was Samuel I think you
know him annulus Samuel I don't [ __ ]
remember
and he was able to do 50 pushups in a
row or he would do that to kind of get a
pump before he went up you know to the
dark because he wanted to impress the
girls so he would do push-ups every you
know like 50 pushups every day in a
locker room and then he'll go upstairs
and I was mad because at the time with
my skinny fat ass I could only do like
[ __ ] five or ten push-ups so I
decided I was going to practice push-ups
every single day anywhere till I got to
100 pushups and when I started
bodybuilding I when I started lifting
and eating right Mike just blew the [ __ ]
up and I first thought was genetics or
oh my god a good genetics no you can see
what's up probably stories together I
remember when I used to Train chess
every day for over a year right and now
imagine my benches we remember have two
huge shoulder injuries so I can't even
bench like 225 the most I could do is
like 10 or 12 reps my shoulders just
hurt like hell
so my chest was mainly develop from the
push-ups every day and as you can tell
she was up once I put in a new signal
once I put the pieces together I was
able to literally implemented on almost
all my body parts you can see I didn't
look at my genex on the left side right
put that thing on Meegan has good black
genetics this picture at the top right
where my [ __ ] hat on I thought I was
a soulless guy in town guess what that
was after three years of lifting after
three years of lifting liquor look at my
arms on that picture at the top left she
had the top left where had my black hat
on and you know my white tank top thing
and I was sold a guy thinking I was a
pretty bored ugly as [ __ ] look at my
arms look at my arms after three years
of lifting for the vegan has good
genetics my daughter will have big homes
after three years of lifting then at
that point and the picture right below
it when I got my head on and in the
black shirt right again look at me
thinking I was slow guess what that was
after four years of lifting four years
of lifting look my arms now I have time
play many a nucleus overload look what
happen to my biceps look at my arms look
at my back look at my abs alright I was
doing average everyday if I was keeping
my abs flex all day long in fact I was
doing ever since I was a kid because of
my badass belly so I didn't nucleus of
little my abs or my triceps on my biceps
on my lats at one point I wanted I'm I
was obsessed with having big legs I was
before my knee my knee injury I'm right
flat motorcycle injury so I was training
legs every day my legs were blowing up
right and and most of these pictures
look I'm I'm taking posting pictures at
home in a relaxed state except the one
here where I literally did this one in
the gym nucleus overload [ __ ] work so
that was my uncle you guys on a story on
my uncle right what was the story behind
my uncle's back he was skinny as hell I
would never forget that my uncle was
skinny as hell
skinny as [ __ ] her and his weakest
body part he said at the time was his
legs and his back so obese what he did
he started going back everyday and this
was before I even knew when the closable
it was this is way before I remember
sauce back and I was like what the [ __ ]
and I cruised on steroids Martin he was
at the time he was doing his PhD for
computer science he
[ __ ] about bodybuilding all you want to
do is just look good being [ __ ]
whatever Hey he trained his back every
day within the first few years you say
we just do pull-ups every single time
cuz he wanted a way back and then when
his back got huge he stopped doing you
know the pull-ups every day I remember
that nuclear I don't leave and to this
day he has a bigger bigger back the most
[ __ ] bodybuilders and he's not a
bodybuilder
he literally just you know went to the
gym trench extremely high volume
extremely high frequency he was doing
Luca solo without even knowing it right
David Goggin you guys not a story I made
a video about it right he had at the
time we get the word Guinness record for
most pull-ups done in one day and he has
wide ass last this is a bad pictures of
bad angle you can't really see it but if
you watch the actual interview his last
was huge huge lots and of course you
know you don't you don't become a world
record holder and put us about doing
pull-ups once a [ __ ] week this is
everyday high frequency thing nice
swimmers look at the lat development of
swimmers right insane back to it and of
course I don't if you guys know how to
swim but it's mainly Network if you're
doing the breaststroke
that's lat work you know cuz you're
mainly doing adduction are you doing a
lot of adduction in which pitcher the
main focus on the lats
alright when you're doing the butterfly
freestyle it's all at work essentially
don't pullovers look at that and this is
a girl alright Chris Jones you guys my
mate I made a video about that when I
was making the videos on Mukhlis
overload I asked him I was like dude
like why is your back so [ __ ] wide
right I don't if you guys ever suck
we've gone through a life but his back
is way bigger than you think it is if it
looks big on YouTube which he see in the
back in real life white ass back alright
and he said he said hey you know like
god I think it was like two or four
years correct me if I'm wrong but I
think he said for the first four years
and magic he didn't know what the hell
he was doing he wasn't doing ago so
nobody [ __ ] know about no clue so
Lord it was just accidental he said for
the first four years of lifting he will
do pull-ups every single day weighted
pull-ups every single day because he
wanted to have a pump to impress the
ladies
so he was just doing it just to get a
pump but try to do the math try to
figure out how much volume that is if
you're doing four sets of pull-ups
everyday even if you'd only trained five
times a week that's 20 sets right there
just for pull-ups that's not counting
his back day and sure enough what is his
best body part
what is its best body part it's lats
it's lats are insane and his biceps of
course because you know if you don't
pull up you're turning your biceps again
Warwick's right look at the bicep of a
professional it's insane right look at a
buy some development look at the
forearms all right trial going it's all
forearms biceps royal delts lats mid
traps right and then again same thing
with the gymnast right bicep work all
right
this foot this photo was so insane I
actually thought it was photoshopped
like I said maybe it is like because
this one's just too [ __ ] insane and
this video I saw that years I've done
him an occlusive of videos Dave have I
love this interview somebody sent it to
me um go check it out the link should be
in a description but it's a great
interview and in fact you know they have
apparently he had huge biases when he
was younger huge arms and his work ask
us instead of literally him coming in
doing high reps high repetition work
high frequency work so he essentially
trained almost every day because he said
some days he would do like curves and
whatever the next day he would do like
stuff like that so in fact he was
training his arms every day nucleus
overload you know what's the anyway it's
a great interview that he did with
ray-tracing
I love watching the oh geez talk you
know because it just shows you how they
were able to figure [ __ ] out with his
bro science you know again I'm not even
science I love science I'm always
looking at research I have so many
freaking studies in my laptop's I love
it but the same time I balance it with
anecdotes of people who you know we've
done it for years you know leave walk
over you guys gonna study a little
covert right training he was obsessed
with having big biceps so you train his
biceps I think was like at least three
times a week or something same email and
when he was younger we're trying even
more frequently you know Ct Fletcher you
know one of the most respected guys out
there right and what was his story he
said that if I should became big even
after
uh my first episode of videos so when he
mentioned that he was training his
biceps every day I was so [ __ ] happy
cuz I was like yes a jack dude that
actually you know indirectly they had no
clue Sevilla when he was younger you
know he said he would send his arms
every [ __ ] name is obsessed with he
does not have swollen of course again
like I said there's other things
involved and things like that but you
get the picture alright Ronnie Coleman
now hey mentioning him because he's just
a genetic freak but same thing when he
says that when he was younger him the
Chinese long as everyday know and
obviously Frank McGrath same thing fray
McGrath has some of the sickest forearms
in the bodybuilding world
sick sick forearms and guess what his
story is when he was in high school the
girls at his high school used to love
guys with big forearm so he said if we
trained for arms every single day before
going to school and then he would roll
his sleeves up so that everybody could
see it forms so you trained him every
single day
he has huge form just like mechanics
look at mechanics old-school mechanics
before all these technology camera they
have some pretty for development not a
coincidence right the avian study I was
familiar with the avian study when they
put the weight on the birds it's a great
study by Jose Antonio eight years ago I
wish I love Jose Jose Antonio's work but
long story short you know they put the
weight on the birds you guys know you
know good look good look at it and then
it's the craziest girl that we've seen
in a literature right he was at 200 or
300% growth but everyone flew everyone
focus on the stretching part which is
important right but everyone forgets
that that wasn't once a week [ __ ] right
that was very high-frequency I think he
was doing it like day one day two off
back on day three or something like that
so the bird had that tension place on
the muscles very frequently with high
volume high frequency and look at his
size like look at the gains that came
you know you have to hyperplasia you
have that pertree I mean it was insane
right nucleus overload Lyons you ask my
love line so I study I study lines a lot
and one document I was watching this is
this is the Lions in Botswana one of the
coolest stories that were lions doing
nucleus overload so here's what happened
so the river the lines were I think
about hunting like a herd of buffalo and
then they ended up stranded on a [ __ ]
Ireland he was island somewhere in the
dooba Plains some wind boss was someone
Africa
and normally Lions hunt different prey
but because they were stuck on an island
with a heart of Buffalo that's all they
hunted right so I think for like two
years of plus two years or more
they were just hunting these buffaloes
everyday and you guys I don't know if
you've seen a buffalo hunt it's not easy
you literally just working out your
entire body on top of that it's not what
got them sold what got them sold was the
fact that lines nobody don't like water
but because it was trending on that
island it was a lot of swamps so the
people that were observing this
phenomena happen they noticed three
things the lines were doing three things
every single day one they were either
hunting the Buffalo and fighting and all
that stuff right
which is pretty much a full body workout
- they were spending a lot of time
swimming because they had to keep up
with the herd so there was swim swim
swim swim even alanna ubach water but
there was swimming a lot more than the
average line which obviously you know a
workout and three when they were not
swimming under why not honey
there were treading water in the swamps
sort of a constantly under resistance
even the person I was recording the
documentary knows nothing about
bodybuilding he mentioned he said they
were constantly under resistance and
when I came back years later they found
out that every line every line female or
male on the island where buff that [ __ ]
in fact the female lines
I was stuck in Ireland had more muscle
mass than the male lions back on the
mainland and they are now officially the
largest lions in existence as far as
most of my skulls there were no clues
overload every single day you guys watch
the documentary is insane you know I
couldn't get really really good pictures
but watch the documentary you'll see in
same development in except that chest
muscles everything they were using to
swim all right and of course what was
the game changer the game changer was
the rat study right cuz once I had all
these stories put together
I was like man why because everyone said
Jonathan you're full of [ __ ] it doesn't
work guys I've seen ever since I was a
kid yes it I'm over here doing bro
splits and [ __ ] because that's what the
science says that's what the [ __ ]
magazine say but I was like I can't
ignore the overwhelming evidence and a
game-changer was that rat study years
ago when I looked at the rat study where
they're injured the
I think that broke that was so long ago
I think the injury like the rats lag or
something so the other leg had to
overwork the other leg was in fact in
quotes over train right because it had
to carry had to do more work than usual
and what the scientists noticed was that
demoness nuclei the amount of satellite
cells in the rats over train lag
increase as well as the muscle mass and
that's when everything clicked
everything [ __ ] clicked the moment I
read that study because I was always
really studies the moment I were to say
everything clearly because I had studied
protein Genesis and RNA transcription
and translation and all that stuff but
things did it first make sense until I
read the study it finally brought
together the reason why people that will
over train or over-exercise I'm not
talking about overtraining as like an
over trench state no I'm talking about
overtraining overworking a muscle the
reason why I use the word overtraining
at the time was because that's what
everyone [ __ ] called it whenever I
said guys I think you should train your
muscle you know more frequently during
training so that's what the term came
from and Finance the [ __ ] I'm gonna
call nuclear solo face the next time
because the nuclei and again she
satellizer a I mean sorry muscle so am I
so sabi the cell was the most nuclei is
gonna grow faster now how do you get
more nuclei you can see the satellite
cells are in blue right it's a run in a
Cell right and you guys know cuz right
he's funny huh right now everyone's
talking about satellite cells and stuff
like that at the time I don't give a
[ __ ] I was only got talking about this
stuff people thought I was [ __ ] crazy
and now everyone's talk about all the
same people that were like Jonathan you
full of [ __ ] now they're like oh yeah so
most of memory you sell myself shut the
[ __ ] up I get so mad right cuz at the
time they were like oh this is a broad
side it's a broad science and I have one
[ __ ] talk about it dude settle I star
in the literature I didn't make this
[ __ ] up and so again I was wonderful
changes so um how do you multiply how do
you get more nuclei right then they
lived a little tryst consistent by over
working on muscle you get an increase in
nuclear and the more nuclear you get the
faster that muscle can grow in the
future and I kept telling you guys
you're not gonna see their gains right
away because first the body has to
increase the nuclei
and once you have enough nuclei their
muscles faster which is also why when
you come back from training you put on
that muscle so much faster
I'm not going to much time on it cuz I
explained it's a local years ago right
go back and watch the videos and that's
when I was like oh [ __ ]
everything click and that's when I
called it a nuclear solo I saw calling
the term cuz I was like look you you you
have [ __ ] nuclei everywhere and I
couldn't find a word about that I was
cooler than [ __ ] nuclear envelope and
that was another study that I had looked
at a time
I'm so in recovery right that's why I
made a lot of videos about that how if
you keep training because I wanted to
understand why is it that all these
stories all these people why is it
that's when it took a long break and
came back that they saw the games right
why is it that that any city gains while
they were you know while they were in
course overtraining the muscle how come
the games came weeks or months later
after it took long breaks and then I
found this study which shows that I'm
tall which is the you know one of the
main enzymes involved in protein
synthesis you guys know why he doesn't
put his Genesis right you have you have
a transcription that's when you read the
you know the genetic code and you have
translation that's when you actually you
know grab the amino acid from the diet
and put them in the sequence to create
proteins and muscles right mTOR is one
of the main enzymes involved in the
second part the translation part in fact
myostatin works by [ __ ] up the mTOR
pathway so anyway long story short they
found out that if you D train you
actually recess 2012 so pretty much the
longer you train the more you train
eventually MSR gets less and less
sensitive and when you take a long break
you reset the sensitivity of m soul so
when you come back not only do you have
the nuclei right from the you know the
overloading phase but you also have a
more sensitive M soul so you combine the
you know in quotes high volume high
frequency Inc okay no overtraining
I'm faced with a huge recovery phase and
boom you have m tour and satellite cells
working together to give you a bigger
more attractive and that's when I put
these together and said boom nucleus
overload there goes a program guys to
extremely high frequency pick and it
wasn't
for weeks I said do four weeks was
because from the literature and from the
anecdotes
that's all you [ __ ] eat it cuz most
of these guys we're doing seasonal jobs
even in Africa it was a seasonal thing
and it would take breaks and it would
come back and it'll be bigger and bigger
and bigger
alright so let's just say four weeks
because building muscle is an adaptation
process the body doesn't need three
years to adapt now of course you know
building muscles a slow progress but
really the body should do it as fast as
possible because it's doing it not for
you to look good it's doing it for you
to survive and it doesn't take three
years if if you put the body under
stress and it six three years for your
body to adapt to that stress you're
gonna [ __ ] that your body's on the
build muscle as fast as possible you
just keep [ __ ] training I say once a
week in thinking o or the soul I need
know right so that's why I put two and
two together all the stories from my
childhood they study that I showed at
the time put them together and designed
it with solar program four weeks of in
quotes over training I'm not referring
to the overtraining state where you
reach hours that day I'm talking about
overworking the muscle now in the
literature they call it overreaching
whatever you wanna [ __ ] use right
followed by one week or two weeks of
recovery the longer the recovery period
the better
now you're gonna need more studies to
find out what is optimal but you wanna
you want to recover long enough you know
so that the nuclei grow and stuff like
that a body adapts and so I guess reset
and when you come back after that and go
back to your normal program the muscle
grows even faster that was the theory
behind the course of law and I was met
with so much ridicule from the fitness
community and now everyone's [ __ ]
talking about oh so people are trying to
renaming it should I get the [ __ ] out of
here right there's only like a handful
of people actually believe that at first
obviously I like shout out to ask for
destiny for that horse at the time but
like there's like a handful of channels
where I should believe there at the time
but everyone it's not supported by the
science you have to train once a week
you have to train the muscle once a week
some people even say he got a train once
every two weeks or some [ __ ] I'll
say guys I love science I get what
you're saying but I'm not gonna
disregard the
overwhelming evidence you gotta put two
and two together you got a combined size
on both sides and I thought I said
eventually this science will catch up
and look what happened
well of course then you got the pointy
sentence in study right this one was all
right and this one I've been read before
I quit uh before I put the program
together where it shows and everyone
knows the study right work protein
sentences for most people especially if
you trying right this is this is the
untrained people but especially if you
train it Peaks after 24 hours some
people deceivin less than 24 and protein
synthesis is the building of muscle
that's what's called protein synthesis
you service serving proteins to build
muscle so protein synthesis goes down
you're not building muscle so people
think oh no maybe there's no no there's
no other way the only way to build
muscle is not protein synthesis even if
you lower protein breakdown you still
have to increase protein sentences or
you still have to have a stable protein
so your position Isis goes down what are
you doing
and of course everyone knows the snare I
noticed everyone knows it everyone knows
you got a trainer most important once a
week but muhfuckas we're not saying that
years ago before I left
YouTube everyone said no once a week bro
split brothers put bro split and I'm not
saying you cannot go from post place I'm
just saying it's not the fastest most
optimal way right
I gave a prescribed dosage to some
clients because it depends again if
people are you know what's what's take
two bro splits more give him bro splits
but even in bro splits you're not
training muscle once a week you're
training your triceps front chest a arm
day show the day you're turning your
front delts on like three different days
so might as well do higher frequency
because you're already doing if you
don't prospects right thank you some
people use to say well you know what a
lot of people make gains or but I'm not
saying exactly [ __ ] sorry nobody's
saying that you're not gonna build
muscle
doing bro splits me saying that a
[ __ ] cheetah is faster than a horse
does not meaning the horse is slow it
just means one is better especially
fanatic but anyway that's how most of
that that's a monster that muscles of
that from repeated work right you guys
know the spray American analogy fast
twitch muscles how does the marathon
runner slow twitch muscles adapt he
thinks about running once a week know
in the same way look at any track
athlete any year you know any in any
sprinter how do they fastest monsters at
that frequency volume and frequency they
don't spread once a week slow to
sponsors adapt but obviously staying
small right but also increasing
mitochondria and energy efficiency and
you know you know all that [ __ ] fast
responses adapt but growing bigger but
for him to adapt the stimulus has to be
frequent right because what is thought
responses made to do endurance what are
fast responses made to do to contract
and produce force so you need to
contract the produce force frequently
right and I said I was the four pillars
you saw the story right actually high
frequency see me how time on the tension
extremely high volume extremely higher
recovery periods right the higher
frequency we already show you ton of
examples doing that every day or every
other day or whatever which is why
prescribe full body workouts and again
now everyone start my full body workouts
I get mad because at the time I was
getting [ __ ] on for talking about this
stuff there was like a handful of
channels recommending full body workouts
and now everyone said my full body
workouts the same clowns who used to say
that it was you know it was wrong
science and nobody you know you have a
training once a week whatever that's why
I prescribe high frequency even if
you're not doing analyst overload trying
to muscle more frequently right and then
the hot time under tension what was that
saying I was saying when you're doing
the clothes over low watch the videos I
said you don't have to that it does have
to be heavy weight cuz of all the
stories that I looked at not every story
had extremely heavy weights a lot of
times it was just high time on attention
so I was telling people to maximize
recovery so that you're not in an
overtrained state you could do low in a
lower weight high reps and you could do
drop sets rest pause whatever watch my
videos I was mentioning that time and
time again the goal was to mimic blood
flow restriction alright people people
say oh it doesn't work because you gotta
lift heavy weights you get big the only
way you get bigger by getting stronger
[ __ ] [ __ ] stuff that is debunk
now but at the time people thought I was
full of [ __ ] right extremely high volume
you were like all you got to do no
that's too much volume look
well you're gonna get overtrain you know
I don't know whatever now we finding I
effected I'm useless let me show you
guys the Sunny's now let's look more
nuclei mama so boom we got a study in
2018 that showed it right at first your
monsters can grow based on their current
nuclei but in order for you to grow past
that point you need more nuclei and this
was study done in 2018
I made my videos by lucas overload in
2011 so what did I did I [ __ ] time
travel right actually high frequency
boom study from one of the most
respected guys in hypertrophy world and
I loved him so much because I loved his
papers his papers are detailed and
nothing I love about him is that he's
not afraid to admit that he's wrong
and that's the whole point of science is
you got to constantly find out okay well
maybe this study was a flub you know you
know had a flawed design let's try it
again let's try it again
you know he's constantly improving
science I love scoring Felix literally
whenever a study comes out from this guy
I'm one of the first guys lined up to
read it and dissect it cuz I just love
his work he has such a humble approach
to hypertrophy he just he's just looking
for the truth and again that's the
support of the shuttle and so I'm
looking at science and bro science cuz I
won't care about who's right was wrong I
wonder what is the truth anyway effects
of resistors training a measurement and
again that's the meta-analysis and what
did it fine high-frequency training is
more optimal then sharing more so once a
week da da
all right and again this came out what
this came out years after that first
nuclear solar videos
so again time travel I don't think so
that's what you got look at the broad
science sometimes you got a look at the
broad science I can tell you guys the
science will catch up and it's exactly
what happened right this is decided was
in 2019 high resistance training
frequency and handsome stick this study
that compared full body workout to
splits so on full body they were
training the muscle five times a week
splitting was like once a week right and
guess what volume was the same so I
don't want to hear what they did more
but no volume was equated and they were
trained mad and guess what
more gains i'ma first to hypertrophy and
I've stretched more gains and a half
frequency good so even if you're doing
20 sets a week
right you're gonna get more games if you
split that up as opposed to doing it
once a week and this is 30k money 2019
so for to reach those were who were you
know [ __ ] saying I was full shared
and I was making [ __ ] up and I gotta die
back in 2011 2012 2013 what are you
gonna say now oh sorry if I got it right
next one extremely hot someone attention
people saying hi raps don't build muscle
it won't work because high reps don't
know how's that guys like if I tell you
eating oranges it's not you know you
know you know it's not healthy you know
you know it's gonna get it's gonna give
you this snare and you see a bunch
people [ __ ] eating oranges and
they're doing just fine I mean I come on
like it's a stupid example but you get
the function automate it's like you
cannot just say well you know this
doesn't work because I don't have a
study for it yet what if the study comes
out in five years or ten years
experiment and now sure enough right of
course we already knew about a collision
training that's oh that's that's even
before I came on inclusive oh right but
Nana fact they're finding out that look
if you equate you know all the other
factors you could build just as much
muscle doing light weight and I made so
many videos that I forget the video
called stronger that's not mean bigger I
got so much a for that video cuz
everyone was saying you gotta get
stronger to get bigger and I was like
shut the [ __ ] up you could get bigger
what I getting stronger all you gotta do
is lower the weight increase volume and
eventually when that weight becomes too
easy yeah of course gonna have to
increase the weight when I when I when I
arm the reference becomes too easy but
you don't have to get stronger as far as
my bench is 315 have to get it to 350 to
get a bigger chest no you can cut that
bench to 225 for 10 reps or 185 for 20
reps and you could overload based on
that so you could do more repetitions or
you can even lower the weight and just
do more eccentrics the muscle does not
know if you're doing 185 or Suzanne
father's intention
I've been preaching that year after year
after year and I kept saying was new if
your [ __ ] is not getting stronger
you're not getting you're not gonna get
and now everyone sees study after study
after study on train man is coming out
showing that you
can reduce your benchpress do more
volume and build just as much muscle as
a guy who's increasing his bench press
there are time travel and it's just some
observation this is my observation this
for me seeing that old [ __ ] I gotta show
the injury I can't bench press anymore
but look I'm doing these push-ups
highest volume I'm progressing and
overloading the high rep push-ups even
though my my strength is going down on
the bench press my chest is growing
because I'm increasing volume and I
studies a pool in there right look at
this one the study on rest-pause track
for muscular adaptation after six rest
falls they found out that doing three
sets of six gives you the same monster
growth as doing 18 reps rest pause the
just feels just like new solo couldn't I
keep telling you guys grab an exercise
and just keep going balls deep short
rest period just keep going make sure
the way this is not too heavy so that
you don't [ __ ] snap your [ __ ] up
you're gonna be doing this every day now
of course you could do it every way but
like I said you know it's not record why
would you do with heavy ass ways when
you can get the same results with lower
weight and less risk of injury and now
you got studies showing that the weight
doesn't [ __ ] him or does so many studies
that show that the weight does not
matter as long as you train hard so much
you train close to failure a fractional
drop set look at that 2018 the other one
was I thought well you're this monkey
but I was also after the lacrosse below
this one 20 18 years after
sean-o effects with drop set all right
and I think there's another study that
came after that engine is from Brad it's
for fried salmon showing that you could
do 3 sets of 10 and have the same gains
there's somebody doing one [ __ ] drop
set one drop set what's that talking
about this years ago that was called a
[ __ ] for saying it was my studies
were broke my observations were bro
science
extremely high volume people saying oh
look oh so low that's too much laughing
someone's on him well now we seeing look
at his study right 2015 that was what
two or three years after my new class a
little video and what did I find
and he started from a net funny I love
the study can spread with that that's
coming up next Brad did another study
showing the same thing these guys did up
to 45 sets a week let that sink in 45
sets a week right because I think one of
the groups did five sets three times
they said that's 15 sets I mean three
exercises the five set so that's 15
cents a day three times a week so a 45
sets up to 45 sets and that's saw better
gains than the other group now again
that's doesn't that doesn't apply to
everybody because again if you beginner
that you don't need them as value but it
shows that you gotta open your mind you
got open you cuz back then when I was
making look at the solar videos people
were saying oh my god the science shows
that if you train more than 10 sets a
week you know overtraining you know lose
muscle [ __ ] you
what about these studies now like I said
the science will catch up man I'm
cursing so much in this video
oh well I'm just angry guys I'm cuz I
hate I was getting you don't to say how
much hate I was getting at the time so
much hate and now all these studies to
coming out all these studies are coming
out
backing up every single part of the
consumer and they come up with this [ __ ]
there's just observations from watching
people ever since I was a [ __ ] kid
right and then look Brad the goat the
greatest of all time I love Brad so much
wait wait bright bright comes out the
study in 2019 showing 45 sets up to 45
sets
let's more hypertrophy now where are all
the [ __ ] clowns who told me that I
was talking out of my ass for saying
that you should do super high body
Monica so low that oh no I mean I'm uh
one time if you just say all the zulu
love [ __ ] because as soon as volume were
you doing
if you don't look at overload every day
you're gonna do way more than chances at
the end of the week and if you do more
to chance that she's gonna over train
because this study so so that isn't that
what are you gonna say now right
you got experiment guys actually me high
recovery
safety oh this I saw the study recent
and I blew him I cuz this studies
literally no clear solo this should be
called nucleus overload and unless I put
my name is Omer
you guys but look this is a nuke this is
Lilian it go solo study look at the lung
so show the guys trained high-frequency
blood flow restriction so it's literally
nuclear solo I things like yeah yeah
separated by 10 percent of train took a
break and I found out that guess what
the gains came after Lucky's got delayed
Mario nuclear addition delayed what was
that this was about 20 19 I was telling
you guys this [ __ ] in 20 buck in 11 2012
and 2013 that you will not see the games
right away they're gonna come later and
I can tell you I don't have a study to
prove it but the science will catch up
eventually and look at that
years later boom they found out and they
call it overreaching so they find out if
you overreach which is the [ __ ] same
thing as what I was saying the whole
time no I kept telling you I was using a
word overtraining cuz that's what people
were calling it but I made a distinction
between overtraining a muscle and being
an overtrained state I kept telling out
that's two different things
well they call it overreaching so that's
[ __ ] call it overreaching by anyway
that sort of same thing right
overreaching for a short period of time
leads to delay again so you're not gonna
see the games right always people saying
well that's wrong you go solo didn't
work cuz I didn't see my [ __ ] bigger
chest the next state idiot I told you
the games would come later you just
trying to accumulate it you just want to
accumulate the nuclei then you want to
check the break to be sensitize em so
and then when you come back to your
regular program that's when you see the
games go back to the videos they're
still on YouTube
Tom stand and look look look the study
shows the exact same thing mole the
story bro science has its [ __ ] place
now again I know there's a lot of people
who will just over to abuse Bruce I'll
just come up with random ass theories
and stuff like that but the stuff I was
telling you guys I was showing you guys
overwhelming everything I was showing
you guys a ton of stories a ton of
stories right bro
has its place as long as you balance it
with science that's why I keep saying
the goal of my channel is to look at the
research because I'm a geek I'm a nerd I
love science
I love reading research papers some so
the goal is to balance science but what
the experts are saying with what the
people who are actually in the gym or
observing people in a gym are seen and
to find a middle ground because you
could find a study to prove any [ __ ]
thing I could find a study right now
that says that building muscle is bad
for you I can find study that says that
3 sets is better than one set and
another one's gonna say that one set is
better than you can find a study to
prove anything
same thing you can find a bro science
[ __ ] who's gonna tell you that you
know spinning and jerking I don't know
[ __ ] jerking off sweet supple days
and I'm give you bigger forearms I don't
know right so this there's errors on
both sides that's why you gotta look for
the middle ground keep an open mind
second point drop your [ __ ] ego all
the clowns who made video saying you
lose the word is [ __ ] little bit
what do you gotta say now drop your
[ __ ] ego I [ __ ] hate it like keep
an open mind but a lot of times people
were bashing Chris overload just cuz it
wasn't their idea or just because daddy
didn't come up with the idea just cuz
that increase crabber then I don't know
where it's always [ __ ] because I
think it's a [ __ ] ego because I
didn't come up with it so it must be
[ __ ] shut the [ __ ] up and you know
who you all drop your [ __ ] ago that
expert biased [ __ ] is gonna make you
look stupid
and finally nucleus of the Lord is the
fastest way for naturals to grow period
hands down
way faster then again I said it's the
fastest way I didn't say that all the
other methods don't work right you could
still makes it gains training once it
once a week whatever but it doesn't mean
it's Optima doesn't mean you're gonna
make fat if you're naughty let's be
honest be naughty
we found a build muscle fast we're not
trying to [ __ ] wait three four years
yes eventually it's gonna be a long
process but if I can make more so faster
in a safer way why not
so that's a guy started videos way way
too long I'm looking must what my
stopwatch
holy [ __ ] over Nara yeah I'm [ __ ]
just watch it at some speed hi guys I
said hopefully that settles it once and
for all and keep in mind that's why I
didn't publish the blue claw solo book I
wanted you guys to know that this was
not about the money
I'm not selling a single piece of
nuclear silver look I'm not selling
Lucas a little book the book is not even
out yet people can tell me job they make
the book make the book make the book and
what did I keep saying I kept saying I'm
not making a book yet because if I'm if
I drop the book everyone's gonna think
that it's a fad it's me just trying to
get rich quick whatever and I was like
[ __ ] it's not that serious look at the
stories this way you will know that
there was no incentive behind it and if
you go to my comment section I was like
release a book it's amazing you know
I've tried any work that's like I'm
gonna wait I'm gonna wait until and
that's why I flew Lisi actually it's
gonna be in a book he's already in the
videos anyway so there's not like all
he's doing this for the money I've first
mention of course a lot in 2011 we in
2019 now so if I wanted to make money I
would have literally released a book as
soon as possible I'm taking my sweet-ass
time because again what's the need so
anyway going off changer here hope this
video helps hope that answers all the
questions only go solo how to apply it I
have several videos explaining it
pick up muscle you know [ __ ] unleash
hell on a for for weeks right
try not to get injured so try to pick
you know cable exercises whatever you
know pick the safest exercise as
possible overload the muscles for four
weeks take a long break when you come
back to training that muscle will grow
faster when you return to your normal
heavy whatever routine that's the idea
all right
hope this video helps I'm out of here oh
don't forget to like don't forget to
share the video with all the clown's
who said it was BS and I forget to
subscribe if you haven't already hit the
notification bell I'm out of here
