next Arnold price once again an
overrated exercise
hey guys what's going on Megan here back
with another challenge video sorry my
voice sounds like crap that's why I
couldn't recalled last week I have a
little cold so I sound like a little
[ __ ] but anyway tell this video on
shoulders if you have small shoulders
lagging shoulders you're trying to bring
them up but you also confused with all
of the different shoulder exercises that
are out there there's videos for you you
guys know my job is to simplify things
bring you back to the basics use the
Pareto Principle to bring you guys all
the methods that give you the biggest
return on investment so out of all these
sort of exercises here what are the 20
that give you eighty percent of the
results okay by the way I found this
list from Men's Health once again they
are notorious for publishing BS articles
so let's see what they have right what
they have wrong this time and once again
you do not need 20 shoulder exercises
when I was a beginner I used to be
overwhelmed by all of the misinformation
out there program hopping going from
exercise to exercise guys as long as you
continue the program hop and switch your
exercise every other [ __ ] day you're
never gonna make progress at the optimal
rate right because you're not giving
yourself enough time to master the
exercise learn how to recruit your
fibers correctly so you're getting
progressively overload in the long run
right so you gotta so being there done
that right the computer Fusion in the
fitness industry is insane every day
they throw a new exercise at you a new
technique at you and it's like what the
hell you know and it's easy for the
basics to get left behind and when it
comes to shoulders you guys know I'm
very biased to our shoulders because I
still believe that neck shoulders and
traps are the most important muscles for
any male out there right shoulders are
so crucial they're attractive to the
opposite sex obviously they're useful
for fighting they're useful for sports
they're useful for Aesthetics I mean any
realm where men compete shoulders are
key there's a reason why we evolved as a
species to be impressed by people with
Master Shoulders that's one of the
videos that are coming out by the way
which is why women and men All Around
the World in every culture and every
ethnicity are impressed by big shoulders
broad shoulders The evolutionary
reasoning behind it but anyway let's get
started with the ranking as usual we're
going to use the team 3D Alpha Taylor
system I'm about to not ask there if I
can amazing each year okay that's
average doesn't hurt you know doesn't
help much either bad and pure garbage
and you want to focus on the exercises
that are in the top two tiers when
building your program and the criteria
we're going to use to objectively decide
if an exercise is good or bad is number
one is as simple meaning easy to perform
and has the low risk of injury right
because building muscle is all about
longevity it's about playing defense
first before offense number two does it
put most of the tension on the target
muscle right we remember the stair list
is for shoulders it's not for triceps
it's not for abs it's mainly for
shoulders so it does the exercise put
most of the tension on the target muscle
in this case shoulders with a bias on
the medial delt right at the front out
because obviously the front door gets
bombarded with so many other pressing
exercises number three does the exercise
have a long Progressive overload Runway
meaning can you keep using the exercise
after year be for maxing out the machine
or the Rack or whatever right we don't
want an exercise that you could max out
in a few months number four does to put
a maximum stretch of the muscle you guys
know extra speed training for the last
10 plus years I'm a big proponent on
putting maximum stretch on the muscle
training the muscle in a length and
position that's what my entire HSB
training program revolves around the way
they stretch an eccentric portion of the
rep and last but not least is the
exercise accessible in almost every gym
in case you're traveling in case your
gym closes you know you want an exercise
you can find anywhere all right so using
those criteria let's get started and
shout out to Ryan for creating this
actual tier list all right let's get
started shoulder external rotation
exercises pure garbage get that [ __ ] out
here right this is a hypertrophy lace
it's about muscle growth all right I get
it it's good for injury prevention it's
good to warm up your joints and all that
stuff but again this list is about
maximizing shoulder growth maximizing
muscular hypertrophy right so for me it
again obviously at Walmart before every
exercise again like I said earlier in
the video defenses everything
longevities everything reducing the risk
of injuries everything right so I'm not
saying this is a bad exercise if you're
trying to warm up or if you're trying to
bulletproof your shoulders but it's
horrible for hypertrophy and plus I
prefer warming up with the exercise that
I'm about to use anyway you know but
again you know if you have shoulder
issues it doesn't hurt to do that again
next one shoulder thoracic rotation
again pure garbage God you have no idea
how much I hate these exercises that
people just throw out there to confuse
you oh I'll do this for the this is the
biomechanically optimal exit shut the
[ __ ] up man I can't stand these guys
right no you don't need to do this
shitty ass exercise for shoulder
hypertrophy this article was called 22
exercises to build Boulder shoulders so
don't catfish us with a bunch of
Mobility [ __ ] right so if you're
beginner out there no you can skip this
[ __ ] right now if you injure it that's a
whole differential list that's a whole
different video it's a whole different
topic right if you were injured these
exercises will be at the top of the list
right this is until it's for Mobility or
injury prevention or whatever but it's
not next incline bench press bad yeah
I'm gonna put it at bat right it's a
great exercise for the upper chest it's
a great exercise for even your flat
chest right you're going to get some
flat chest involvement it's a good
exercise for your front delts your front
desk are going to be very active on this
exercise but if I was programming a
shoulder routine with an emphasis on
shoulder hypertrophy no I will not put
this on the list right now keep in mind
this is different from if I was
programming a beginner's program routine
where I actually want him to do a lot of
combine movements because beginners
don't have to be uh the recovery
management to be able to do a lot of
different isolation movements and yeah I
might put that out there so that he
could hit his shoulders triceps and
chests you know all in one exercise but
if the sole Focus was huge shoulders
somebody came to me and said I want
massive shoulders this will not be on
the [ __ ] list for shoulders that is
upper packs sure this one oh my God this
guy's a troll half kneeling Bottoms Up
kettlebell press lick my nuts bro I'm
gonna put this at bad once again you
know I hate these weird ass exercises
that are so far away from the basics
it's not a simple exercise it does not
put the majority of attention on the
target muscle it does not have a long
Progressive overload Runway it does not
put a maximum stretch on the muscle and
sure it's accessible in most gyms you
know but who the [ __ ] is bad next
lateral raise I'm gonna put it in
[ __ ] amazing category and I'm gonna
explain why it's not hard but first
let's talk about why it's [ __ ]
amazing number one is a safe and simple
absolutely you get into doing lateral
raises something is [ __ ] wrong with
you number two does it put the majority
of the tension on the target muscle yeah
you're gonna get some upper trap
involvement but you know as you get more
advanced you'll be able to focus on
using your lateral delts as opposed to
your upper traps number three does it
have a long Progressive overall Runway
absolutely you are not going to max out
lateral raise it anytime soon in fact
you're not going to maximize any time in
your career well you're going to be
doing 100 200 pound dumbbell a lot of
raises it's not happening number four
does it put a maximum stretch on the
muscle not really that's the only reason
why it's not I'm about to not category
right it's very hard to get a maximum
stretch on the side delts using lateral
raises with dumbbells and last but not
least is it accessible in every gym
absolutely you can find dumbbells
anywhere and as always exercises that
bias the medial doubt I'm always gonna
give him a higher priority right medial
doubt posterior delt those two in my
opinion are way more important than the
front delt a lot of people don't know
about the real dealt actually acid
you're with just as much as the side
Delta does but I'm going to read about
that like over 10 years ago so I'm not
going to repeat myself next seated floor
lateral raise ah my God I was gonna put
this one I wanted to put it at [ __ ]
amazing but I do not like the lack of
stability the fact that you have to
brace your call too much right you might
get distracted especially if you're a
beginner you're going to be distracted
trying to keep your balance as opposed
to focusing on Contracting the medial
doubt right I'm going to put that one
out okay mainly because of the lack of
stability right not to Mission you right
you can't go over there because you're
going to stop right here now of course
with lateral raises most of the tension
is at the top of the movement right if
you're using dumbbells so there's very
little tension at the bottom so the last
thing you want to do is make it even
worse next the fundraised I'm going to
put it at okay I know this exercise gets
[ __ ] on a lot it's actually a good
exercise to hit your front dots it hits
a little bit of your side delts
depending on how you rotate your humerus
your problem but I'm not going to put it
higher because as I said if you want
huge shoulders I really want you to
focus on the side out and the real dealt
right or posterior delt right the front
dot is going to get plenty of volume
plenty of stimulus from almost every
push and exercise out there all right
but it's not a bad exercise it's a good
exercise it's just there's no reason to
prioritize it since you're definitely
going to be hitting fun doubts on many
other movements obviously if it's a
person who only trains shoulders and
nothing else then yeah I'll put it
higher but no nobody's that [ __ ] dumb
next the pilot can raise bad get that
[ __ ] out of here come on man again say I
want simple exercises right not this
fancy shoulder tricep [ __ ] right bad
I'm never gonna explain why it's down
here actually [ __ ] it I will no it's not
simple
I could guarantee you beginners are
going to find a way to [ __ ] this up to
most of the tension is not on the target
muscle yeah you're hitting a little bit
of sight down but again you're recording
too many other muscles long Progressive
little Runway fine I give it that you
know it's a very hard exercise so you're
not gonna Max that anytime soon it does
not put a maximum stretch on the muscle
and yeah it's accessible but that pretty
much all it has going for it bad I will
not be doing this for maximum shoulder
hypertrophy the javelin press this
[ __ ] is really [ __ ] trolling
I'm gonna put it at bad again I don't
like complicated exercises why the [ __ ]
would you do this when you could just
use a dumbbell or a cable or machine
come on guys you know you're gonna spend
way too much energy and mental resources
trying to balance the [ __ ] long ass
barbell trying to balance your core
trying to no come on we want stability
we want Simplicity next shrugs is this
guy [ __ ] trolling pure garbage this
is a shoulder tailless as much as I'm
obsessed with traps and neck right so
mainly the Arbitrage region this is a
shoulder chairless this is a shoulder
article according to wherever the [ __ ]
wrote it at Men's Health right so stop
catfishing people I will not be doing
shrugs for shoulders right if you're
targeting the upper traps a little bit
of mid traps if you're targeting your
levitch or scapula sure right but this
is a shoulder Tail list frogs are not a
shoulder exercise next resistance band
Facebook I'm gonna put it out okay right
it hits your side else it hits your
posterior delts but I don't like the
fact that it does not have a long
Progressive little Runway it's not
simple for most people because a lot of
people are going to [ __ ] this exercise
up right it does not put the majority
attention on the shoulders because a lot
if you have dominant biceps or dominant
rhomboids and mid-traps they're
definitely going to take tension away
from the delts so no next military press
believe it or not I'm also going to put
it out okay as much as I love the
military price with us with the barbell
dumbbell whatever as much as I love the
OHP it's not something I will program
for maximum shoulder hypertrophy unless
the person I'm working with once again
uh does not have a lot of time in the
gym does not have a lot of doesn't have
the ability doesn't have the recovery uh
management to do a whole bunch of
exercises and I need to come up with a
program that hits many muscle groups
then yeah that's what I'm going to
program this uh you know for shoulders
right but for someone who has the time
who can manage recovery who can handle a
lot of volume a lot of different
exercises a lot of isolation movements
there's no way I'm going to put this
high on the list now it's going to be in
most of my programs but again that's
because I'm picking exercises compound
movements that hit many muscle groups
when I'm dealing with beginners or
intermediates but for the sake of
maximizing shoulder hypertrophy and I
repeat only shoulder hypertrophy that's
not gonna be updated because again too
much tension on your triceps right your
core has to be engaged your upper traps
are kicking in depending on the person
depending on their muscular imbalances
I'm not convinced that most of the
tension will be on their shoulders some
people use their upper traps when
performing this some people are using
their triceps too much some people have
weak cause I mean nice so so yeah nah
I'm not putting this higher in the
context of this tier list next Arnold
price once again an overrated exercise
I'm gonna put this out okay right again
it's not simple the stability is trash
risk of injury is high especially if you
start to go heavy and the stretch is
almost non-existent so no next half
kneeling Archer roll this guy's really
[ __ ] bored and wants to confuse
everybody no [ __ ] we not Legolas we're
not doing this exercise for maximum
shoulder hypertrophy so I'm going to put
that at pure garbage yes you're using
your posterior delts but too much
rhomboids too many too much mid traps
too much biceps
and for the love of [ __ ] it's it's not
simple it's too far from The Basics Next
incline bench combo L2 lateral raise
this guy's naming his exercises after
Transformers after [ __ ] Naruto
jitsu's I mean he's looking for every
way to make [ __ ] as complicated as
possible
this would have been a great exercise if
you just left it at incline
lateral raises but in this case no he's
doing lateral raises then he's doing
front raises then he's doing the L shape
come on dude I'm gonna put this at back
get that [ __ ] out of here next oh my God
guys you do not want to see the video
demonstration of this exercise I was
looking at the article like is this guy
[ __ ] serious
like I thought it was a parody article
but no these [ __ ] are that
serious pure garbage get this [ __ ] out
of here I mean guys watch the video on
this exercise it's so stupid hey what's
up with this guy's obsession with half
kneeling [ __ ] anyway next the push press
again I'm gonna put it out okay right
there's too much momentum too much upper
pack too much quads too much core too
much tricep and obviously sum up a trap
at the top right so no I'm not gonna put
the push press high on the list for
maximum shoulder hypertrophy once again
that does not mean that it's a shitty
exercise it's a good exercise if you're
trying to hit many muscle groups at once
or if you're short on time or you don't
have room on your program for a lot of
isolation movements yeah but other than
that it's not something that's going to
put you know most of the tension on the
shoulders the tension is going to be too
spread out across too many muscle groups
X incline weld up fly I'm just going to
put that [ __ ] amazing right again
great exercise for the posterior delts
the only downside is it does not
maximally stretch the posterior and the
medial dust at the bottom unless you go
super heavy but I absolutely love this
exercise I prefer cable version now this
[ __ ] let me see one two three
four five six seven eight nine ten
eleven twelve thirteen fourteen fifteen
sixteen twenty Eighteen Again catfishing
[ __ ] the article was called 22
but there's only 18 exercises and he's
missing some of the best shoulder
exercises out there how can you put this
half kneeling [ __ ] in this [ __ ]
Neanderthal spiritual and all of this
[ __ ] this little doses x videos PornHub
[ __ ] but you're not gonna put the the
basics the best shoulder movements so
guys I'll do you a favor and I throw a
few bonus exercises that are not listed
on this article cable lateral raises I'm
about to not category reverse pack deck
I'm about to not category cable reverse
flies I'm about to nut category I mean
there's so many golden exercises that he
didn't put on this list but like I said
guys I'm only making these videos based
on whatever is on these articles of
these lists so if you have any other
list you want me to go over any other
shoulder unless you want me to rank just
send it over and I'll rank it but out of
this 22 exercises or actually 18 on this
article only two are worth doing think
about that only two are worth doing the
rest are just okay to trash anyway guys
hope this video helps once again shout
out to Ryan for making this Taylor shout
out to the volunteers who are helping
the production of these videos such as
making the thumbnail and making the
actual Tail list if you want me to rank
any other list I don't care what it is
muscle to style World masculinity I
don't care what the topic is you already
rank any Tail list send it over in a
Discord don't forget to join the
Instagram I'm a lot more active on there
now and as usual if you want to support
the channel head over to the website and
buy the ebook all right I'm out of here
alright guys don't forget to like or
share the video subscribe and hit the
bell and buy my HSB nucleus of a little
training program see ultimate program
for maximum muscle growth it includes
full body workout splits bro splits
push-pull home workouts you name it also
comes with a complete guide for macros
nutrition fat loss muscle growth
hormones including a meal plan it's
pretty much all my 16 years of
experience condensed into one [ __ ]
book you're also gonna get free copies
of any future Edition so visit
team3dalpha.com and you can use the 40
off coupon code Nicholas of the Lord or
you could just buy the shed at full
price all right guys I'm out of here
