hey guys what up quick video about the
um back most people say uh oh um uh I
just I just won one exercise in my full
body routine that's going to give me a
nice developed thi and wide back and um
I can't do a lot of pull-ups I'm going
to you know try to do chin ups and blah
I mean try to do pull downs and this and
that so that's me what is the best
exercise for back as everybody knows I'm
a upper back [ __ ] my upper back is not
where I want it to be but like I said
it's one of the body PS that I research
the most you know more than chest and
arms and all the pretty boy muscles that
everybody wants I'm I'm a fiend for for
for back development I just think that a
muscular back is is is intimidating it's
just it looks aggressive it looks like
katto from God of War these guys back is
sick but anyway the and people ask me
also why I recommend the barbell roll so
much you know in fact more than I
recommend to chin up and pull up with
your great exercises for back
development why am I big on the ball
well number one reason all the great
backs you know have one thing in common
told you guys at one point when I wanted
to make my back big I wrote down all the
gray backs in
bodybuilding uh I don't care they take
steroid you know don't even comment that
[ __ ] uh and I looked at all the back
routines right the consistent back
routines a lot of them switch up their
routines and I looked at all the back
routines on XL I put it on my XL file I
look for the one exercise they all had
in common cuz obviously they have
variations the ball Bell row was the one
exercise that all the great BS had in
common Doran yay Lee Haney Ronnie Co
Phil Heath Jake Cutler uh you name him
right all the everyone that had great
backs were big on the b roll even Kevin
Leone even though he doesn't get the
glory for that but um so I was like okay
you know that's one reason right number
two the second reason is if I you guys
know me I like looking outside of
bodybuilding not you know when I'm
looking for an exercise or doing any any
type of research from my own personal
time I like think think outside the box
I looked at other uh Sports where the
athletes had great backs and I know
there uh football players that coaches
have them do bbell rolls Olympic lifters
that only have to focus on the clean and
the jerk and the snatch and whatever
they do bbell rolls for upperback
strength you know to be able to uh use
their traps cuz it targets not just your
LS but your traps and everything like
that I looked at wrestlers you know a
lot of coaches have the wrestlers do
Bubba rolls you know um to you know get
that strength I look that strong man
lifting power lifting all these uh
athletes that have great backs do buba
rolls right and and that's that's the
second reason the third reason is if you
look at the ball roll it's probably one
of the only back exercises probably
right don't quote me this that targets
every single part of your back from your
traps your mid traps your probably your
lower traps a little bit obviously cuz
it connected your your um Terrace major
and minor your real delts your R boys
your your your Reus cuz you got to be
bent over your lower back got to you
know be strong um it's a great exercise
guys a great exercise and a little bit
of your biceps but it targets all of
your back all of your back more
efficiently than the pull up and the
laat pull Downs or whatever and um what
was the final reason I think I give you
guys three reasons and that's that's it
if you can find three good solid reasons
to do something do it the barar roll is
unmatched and when I stopped doing the
barar roll I'll show you guys a picture
of my back probably in the next video my
back started to look a little different
I started losing that thickness in my
lower Lads and things like that and when
I went back on it oh man it's feeling
came back she like an orgasm uh so
definitely if you're doing F body
workouts or splits you got to have the
buba roll in your routine if you can't
you know start off with a lightweight
you know Lee Haney said that he you know
he never went above 185 and he has a
great back uh start with a lightweight
make sure your back is doing it on your
biceps and then increase the weight
slowly Progressive overload so yeah
that's it that's how you get a great
back
