all what's going on guys Megan here um
so what are my favorite Dragon Ball Z
characters I got to ask remember that
video I made about um how body how I got
into bodybuilding because of Dragon Ball
Z um so one sub subscriber asked me a
very interesting question he said jonan
who are your top 10 Dragon Ball Z
characters I don't know if you said top
five or top 10 I'm just going to do top
10 my top 10 Dragon Ball Z characters
who inspir me to get in the gym and try
to get swoll ever since I was a kid man
anyway
number one they're not in any specific
order except for number one right but uh
after number one I'm just going to
mention them randomly because I could
barely remember all their names and [ __ ]
cuz I used to watch it in Japanese and
in French and their names are different
like for example Piccolo in um in French
he's called PR which means little heart
and Piccolo I think that's what Piccolo
means it mean mean little heart but
anyway so um number one is Broly
obviously everybody knows that if you
know me you know broy is my number one
Dragon Ball Z character
uh bry's the he's everything he's big
he's muscular he has a thick ass neck he
has the the [ __ ] Alpha traps I'm
looking for his Del toys are [ __ ]
capped out like he's been doing side
laterals in the hyper body Time Chamber
for days right so number one is broy I
just love the and I love the way he
fights cuz he he fights like if if I was
a fighter I would fight just like broy
he's [ __ ] brutal he doesn't really
have a technique he's just [ __ ]
brutal he's like the [ __ ] kid Buffalo
right he would just charge at you and
RAM your your head in the wall and [ __ ]
I love the way broley fights right and
besid I love buy characters in
everything other even not just Dragon
Ball Z all right number two is radit I
love radit I love radit I'm I'm I'm
disappointed that that made him so sucky
in the show I mean they made his power
level like mad low like 1200 and [ __ ] I
just love him cuz he looks badass as
[ __ ] he's [ __ ] cold blooded and he's
off I mean look at his hair dude look at
his hair as you guys can tell I'm going
for that Rus hair look uh all right so
number two is R number three is Ron I
know I like a lot of underrated
characters I love Ron a lot of people
don't give run the respect he deserves
you got to understand Recon was beating
the [ __ ] out of
Vegeta mind you Vegeta is the prince of
sans right known as a child prodigy on
top of that when he fought Vegeta Vegeta
already had a power boost from fighting
Goku on Earth Vegeta was SP level was
already high as [ __ ] he he had fought
zarban and got another power power level
boost [ __ ] like that and Rec still whoop
that ass man and Vegeta is one of my
favor CS I want to get to Vegeta if not
my number one other than broy but I love
R he does to get the the the credit he
deserves plus he's you know he's big as
[ __ ] he's huge number three uh is
obviously Vegeta other than bro Vegeta
is my favorite character after broy um I
love Vegeta just cuz his pride his
[ __ ] um he's like he has a dark side
to him kind of like me he has the dog
out to him but at the same time he has
like a a kindness that he tries to to
hide you know
and you guys know the story how you know
doing the boot I got when he um
sacrificed himself I was going to say no
spoilers [ __ ] that if you don't know the
story by now [ __ ] spoiler you should
know this but yeah so I love Vegeta I
love him I love everything about Vegeta
I just hate the fact that he got played
like Goku went up to Super Saiyan 4 when
Vegeta was still at Super Saiyan 2 and
he had to cheat to get to level four so
I hated that [ __ ] but anyway [ __ ] the
writers of GT GT sucked ass anyway all
right number three number number four is
um Android 16 loved Android 16 not just
because like I could connect with him
because like he loved nature and things
like that but he's a powerful being who
didn't want to reveal his strength he
didn't really want to fight he didn't
like fighting he didn't like hurting
people you know I I kind of like can
relate to him cuz I don't like hurting
people I don't want to hurt people but
if somebody [ __ ] with me or my my
daughter or whatever somebody that I
love I'm an animal you know and once
again he had that that that hidden
potential that nobody knew until he
fought sell and beat the [ __ ] out of him
so number four is Android 16 number five
is Nappa once again I love Nappa cuz
he's underrated and he's he was muscular
as [ __ ] I like all old the bake actors I
love Nappa I just wish you know like he
had more more play time I wish he came
back as like super saiyan or some [ __ ]
but um I love Napa the S I love Broadley
he's fighting style he brutal he's
massive he's
been he's been dirty barking forever
number six is King Vegeta I love King
Vegeta for the same reason why I love
Vegeta he's cold hearted he's cold
blooded you know and he's a King his
boss his Alpa he has that badass cape
and his finish remov and dragon B tat 3
was so [ __ ] disrespectful I love what
the [ __ ]
man driving
like all right so I forgot what number I
was on I think I was on number six right
number six yeah I think number seven is
Super 17 but that's in GT so I don't
know if I should really counted but I
love Super 17 cuz he look so [ __ ]
badass his hair was mad long he's
[ __ ] medial deaths were ridiculous
and he was just [ __ ] all nonchan and
[ __ ] so I love Super 17 that's number
seven uh number
eight is uh that I'm balock I didn't men
balock I love balock for the same reason
why I love I don't like Goku mind Goku
is not on my list I'm sorry guys I don't
like the main character same thing with
nuto I don't like the main character for
some Reas I always like the underrated
dog characters that nobody really pays
attention to so I love balog not just
for his his his ethic but his spirit of
Vengeance you know same why I love katto
and God of wall that Vengeance you know
to try to get back at what fre did to
him so he's number eight I believe right
I'm [ __ ] skipping numbers and [ __ ]
guys I'm sorry I just got back from the
gym I'm tired number nine is
uh I'm trying not to repeat the same
characters uh tenen I love tenen cuz
he's underrated and he's one of the most
muscular characters in Dragon Ball Z he
has one of the most aesthetic yet bug
physiques but they played him after you
know like one the freezer cager after
the Sager all the little yam and all
these [ __ ] got no PL and um number 10
uh last but not least is uh Android 13
if you watch the movie Android 13 the
big blue [ __ ] who looks just
like broy is on top of my is up there in
my top 10 list simply because it's big
as [ __ ] right he looks just like broy
and he fights just like broy you know I
told you guys I love that fighting style
that's what my favorite my favorite
martial art is is Mu Thai cuz it's so
violent and brutal you know [ __ ] that
punch and kick [ __ ] that [ __ ] elbow
you headbutt you kn you you know and and
Android 13 fought so brutally no
technique but brute strength so as you
can tell these are my Tope of 10
characters the three things that attract
me to them the most is brute strength I
love brute strength that's why I love
the k Buffalo and the bull and the
Silver B gorilla I love brute strength
number two they have a that a Darkness
inside of them right right that attracts
me to them cuz I also have a you know a
Darkness inside of me in a way we all
have it you know I just learned to chain
mine and number three is because they're
underrated you know I I love The
Underdogs I love people that are you
know really under R except for Bry and a
few other characters but yeah that's it
that's my oh [ __ ] I forgot Piccolo man
God damn it yeah but yeah so I guess
that's 11 Piccolo is one of my favorite
characters if I had to put the list in
order he' be my top three I love Piccolo
especially when he fused with with his
his old self the old guy and became the
i i aican who has long forgotten his his
his original name or whatever [ __ ]
he said oh man I was onome in fact my
favorite Piccolo my favorite fight in
Dragon Ball Z is Piccolo versus Android
17
if you haven't seen that fight you
missing out to me it's the best fight in
Dragon Ball Z history Piccolo versus
Android 17 look it up but anyway guys
that's my that's my uh top 11 list of
Dragon Ball Z of Z Fighters hope that
answers that question and um send me
more questions like that I like those
all right guys peace
[Music]
out
he
