and in nature doing alpha [ __ ] like
hunting fighting going to war whatever
is usually what results to you passing
on your dreams what results to you
having sex you understand guys we were
hunters and gatherers for 99.4 percent
of our existence on this earth and if
you study any hunter-gatherer tribe you
notice the same thing the best hunter is
usually the one that has access to the
most females or tends to have the most
kids as a hunter and gatherer you gotta
prove yourself you don't just become of
age you say all right i'm ready to have
a wife no you gotta prove yourself
whether to combat or through being a
really great hunter for the tribe and
what two molecules are gonna help you do
this dopamine and testosterone hunting
is a very risky endeavor as you can see
here this guy lost his uh his arm during
the hunt some people lose their lives
some people lose their eyes right so to
be a hunter you got to be maxed out on
testosterone and maxed out on dopamine
in today's day and age obviously we
don't have to hunt and [ __ ] but it's the
same thing right we have to go out and
do things you have to create a business
or be an entrepreneur or fight or
whatever you have to do things that are
the equivalent of hunting in the wild
