hey guys going on meeting here so very
very interesting video a subscriber of
mine Gary Scott sent me this link a day
ago and it is amazing how just how to
make a video on it it was even part of
my schedule so um this guy's forearms
are [ __ ] amazing and I did a lot of I
went to his videos is his channel to try
to get more information and it blew my
mind this is the perfect example of
nucleus overload
again if you're on one nucleus overload
is if you've been living under a rock or
if this is your first time just watch my
video on it the short one or the long
one I'm not gonna go into details to
avoid making this video too long but
long story short it's the 30-day program
that I created based on an observation
that I made when I was a kid right I
noticed that people that overwork the
muscle every single day or as frequently
as possible I had that muscle you know
not just grow in size but becomes so
much more sensitive to training in the
future you know when I jump bodybuilding
so long story short you know I did a lot
of research on the eventually I stumbled
upon the the rat study that I mentioned
in almost every [ __ ] video and I
study finally explained that hey you
know like you know if you overwork an
animal in in that case it was it was a
rat a rat muscle you increase the amount
of nuclei within the muscle which
eventually makes the muscle you know
more sensitive to growth in a future
anyway just watch the videos you know I
don't want to beat a dead horse and
again so I put all the research together
you know my experience experience of my
friends things like that and I called a
nucleus overload because you try to
increase the amount of nuclei in a
muscle you know that's the goal and of
course studies came out after that back
in that but anyway so rowdy burn right
so that that's his name he has I don't
if I'm pronouncing this right Sacro
Sacro
a Genesis pretty much it's an issue with
your lower spine where it doesn't fully
develop it's a very very rare condition
according to Herman according to the
that I looked at about one in 25,000
people have it so he had to have his
legs amputated at age 3 and you can see
on the left picture here what what I
pretty much looks like so he had it's
like st. Peter 3 me
and instead of using the wheelchair you
know what she does you sometimes you
know he prefers to be independent you
know to pretty much use his own arms to
carry his entire body weight and he
weighs about 70 pounds so that's a lot
of weight believe it or not you know to
just you know carry using your arms
every single day he's very very
independent I was actually surprised you
know he drives he cooks he Shops he
plays tennis he skateboards he's very
active you know you know he doesn't let
that get to him but what's amazing about
this is obviously you guys know you know
nucleus overload right look at his
forearm scars which is exactly uh uh you
know I don't forgot saw the old videos
when I made the marathon about all the
different Nicholas little stories that's
exactly what the theory is right you
know just using that muscle every single
day or as often as possible and
eventually you have this accumulation
this buildup of nuclei you know and not
only makes the muscle grow so much
faster but I mean just look at his forms
just look at that you know the
vascularity the size amazing you know
just carrying his body weight you know
check at the end of every day I want to
show you guys his Instagram is YouTube
channel check it out you actually see
him in action
you know he's constantly he's pretty
much doing like dips every day he's
[ __ ] jock you know again look at the
vascularity you know look at his uh just
the Fain's everywhere you know the size
of his arms you know his homes are
pretty much his legs if you think about
it you know
I'm sorry carrying that weight all day
long you know
check out the bicep man in the left shot
I got all these pictures from his
Instagram account so you guys could go
out there and check them out they're not
Photoshop or you can even see their
videos I mean his forearms I mean I know
people who work out for years I don't
have four homes like they say I don't
have four homes like that look at that
no ain't Sammy just look at this picture
on the right look at that
ain't saying just doing look this little
every single day and it's funny just
like the nucleus of those stories most
people who are doing it had no clue they
were doing it you know they were just
doing it you know either because it was
their job or you know a sport or things
like that or in his case you know just
walking everyday you know and again this
reminds me of the wheelchair basketball
guys that I talk about a lot you know
they're you know they all have these
jacks not all of them but the vast
majority of them
I'm have these jack arms you know for
his biceps triceps because again their
arms are literally their legs you know
they have to use that to support their
body weights or to actually move the
wheelchair around especially in
wheelchair basketball unless you guys
ever watched it take ten minutes out of
your day to actually check it out it's
intense you know you know people you
know try to make fun of it but it's
actually intense they have to use their
their their arms to explode you know I
said they were sprinting so you're
pretty much sprinting with their arms
and that's a lot of tricep work for
homework you know bicep work and
everything
and again gymnast you know you guys know
I made a ton of ETA's about gymnast
you know again using the triceps you
know constantly nucleus overloading the
triceps doing the network the ring dips
and sure enough you know they have
amazing tricep development you know you
think these guys say hey you know Monday
is my arm day and I said no you know
every time they train their movement
triceps try subscribe that's constant
tension constant tension insane so I
thought hey you know does he have big
triceps and sure enough I looked through
one of his videos and look at that guy's
look she's triceps you know just like
the theory in cells no I mean that slice
of development can you imagine if he
actually and the funny thing is people
think he works not actually look through
a lot of his videos he says you rarely
goes to the gym you know if I miss a
video on his channel where he actually
went to the gym and he said hey you know
it's been a it's been a long time he
wanted to see what you know what his
strength was you know his transform you
know was okay um but yes this is just
from doing deep work everyday he's not
kamini gymnast if you think about it you
know and that brings me to the gorilla
team you guys remember me and Matt had
this theory Matt lazy lying about what
gorillas has you chess right that's back
when I was just going balls deep on the
nucleus of a little research you know
and and matt was like hey you know we're
trying to come up with different
theories and Matt proposed the idea that
hey I think they have big chess because
you know they're constantly you know
just the way that they walk right and I
first I thought it was funny and we
actually tried it this is that crazy way
back then we actually tried it we
started walking like a little initiative
to try to see you know try to mimic that
effect of have ain't cuz ganas saying
Google let's wait 300 or 400 pounds
right and the body is not proportionate
so obviously the bulk of their weight is
actually towards the upper body alright
and have these small like so the
majority the weight is actually being
supported by the arm it's not their legs
right so they constantly putting tension
on it on apex right there Lower Paxton
shoulders their forearms so we actually
try to emulate that it was actually
funny to say I was never forget that
night where you know around my apartment
is trying it and guess what started
burning like the moment we like we did
if only like I think like not even a
minute and I pecks fall arms his
soldiers were just burning burning and I
was like holy [ __ ] can you imagine doing
that like for most of the day you don't
know wanted to have pictures now again
you know this is a definitely a broad
science theory that you know me and Mac
in my way but I won't be surprised you
know if one day science proves it I said
hey you know what let's let's put a
bunch of EMG electrodes on guerrillas
and find out what happens when they're
just walking you know and I guarantee
you that the EMG activity in their pecs
is enormous you know I mean try it if
you watch news video pause the video and
try out putting like a heavy backpack on
you know to try to replicate the the
weight distribution on the girl as uh
arms and just try walking around a
gorilla that [ __ ] [ __ ] burns
it's literally like doing dips so are we
surprised that he also has just you know
that just had the steak forearms and the
next thing was the chest right so so
back to the form thing right look at all
the people that obviously indirectly did
inclusively Luna forearms right you have
um wrestlers who obviously don't have an
arm day right that's literally their
livelihood arms every [ __ ] day you
know their form development is insane
you know you have Frank McGrath I made a
video about that he used to train for
homes every single day when he was in
high school to impress the chicks and
sure enough when he started bodybuilding
his formulas took off
you got baseball players everyone knows
baseball players especially the ones who
you know who could being playing
baseball for a long time have great
looking forms you know you have you know
Chuck's trucks sipes you have mechanics
I mean it's just everywhere right so hey
what about chess you know if the theory
is true right obviously every muscle
that he's putting a lot of pressure on
should be developed so obviously we saw
that his forearms a jack we saw that his
triceps
Jax I said what about chess I started
looking around his channel looking for a
picture of him with his shirt off so I
could up in cash we see and the closest
I got was him swimming and look at that
sure enough look at his pecs guys this
is for someone who literally just you
know he's not a bodybuilder right this
is literally just him doing dips every
single day walking dips no his chest is
actually pretty developed you know can
you imagine if you actually started
bodybuilding you know hey guess what
body parts will blow up fast and
everything else his triceps his doubts
his forearms of course and his chest
that's insane
I'm second way guys his name is Roddy
Burton check out his YouTube channel
show him some love it's funny I was
actually looking through the video so
you know to look for some new clothes so
Lord examples and actually you know
actually enjoy his channel yeah has a
very positive outlook on life despite
his condition I mean he's very positive
he doesn't want no excuses you know he's
a very happy person very positive like I
say he's independent you know and it's
also cool just to see how he tackles
life you know you know he doesn't let
that stop you know he's skateboarding
playing tennis you know all that is very
very very inspiring I'm gonna show this
to a bunch of my friends but anyway guys
so yeah check him out that's it hope you
enjoy this video shout out to the
subscriber where she found the story and
sent it to me I have another one that's
coming up on the guy that was doing that
was doing a ton of push ups from Africa
101 my subscribers sent that to me I got
to make a video on that his chest is
just [ __ ] swole wait wait I said guys
like the video subscribe to my [ __ ] hit
the bell visit my website use the 40%
off coupon codes to grab your copy of my
hspeed nucleus of a little program in
eBook
and it has everything guys it's a
12-week program muscle hypertrophy God
meal plan macro guide nutrition guide
with the recommended supplements all of
that [ __ ] in just one very short concise
book so check it out guys hope you enjoy
this video I'm out
