hey guys what's going on Megan here
three reasons what the
[ __ ] three reasons to uh to chase the
pump right when you training you know
guys you guys I'm a big advocate of
heavy lifting heavy Low Reps heavy High
Reps and also pump training at the end
of your workout you know people call
them burnouts whatever and um lot of
people say is it necessary to chase the
pump of course it is by what mean if you
if hypertrophy your go obviously this
not a strength Channel this is a you
know bodybuilding Channel hypertrophy is
my main my main goal oh um everything
that's in second place so three reasons
to chase that to chase the pump right
not just because allo chased it and Aro
was way ahead of his days man the stuff
that Ono day back in the days science is
just not finding out works you know um
so number one you want to hit the most
from every angle everybody knows that
you want to hit your fast and your slow
to muscle fibers which all respond to
different types of resistance you know
High load or High Time on detention but
one of the key reasons to chase the pump
is at the end of your workout or in
between or whatever I just mix it up is
um number one lactic acid right A lot of
people underestimate the power of lactic
acid La in case you don't know like I
said is that burn feeling you get when
you doing super sets or drop sets or
high rep sets whatever it's pretty much
uh as a response of of hypoxia you know
when when um your body is low on on
oxygen right let's say you training too
fast oxygen doesn't have time your blood
do have time to go back and shutle
oxygen back into that muscle so you
start to get that burn right that lactic
acid burn now it's no coincidence that
at the same time that lactic acid is
released it's also the same time that
you know your growth forone alf1 all
these good muscle building hormones are
also released um it's it's a sign you
know your body doesn't like being in
that state where you know it's low on
good oxygen um so your body will always
anybody that studies you know biology or
human or human physiology whatever will
tell you that whenever the your body is
in a state that it does not like it will
adapt right every time every time it
will always adapt in this case your body
will probably in theory try to make more
room right expand the size either the
muscle or the floors around the muscle
to prevent that from happening again so
um sprinters have to deal with latic
acid all the time marathon runners don't
and there's a big you know difference in
the physiques PO from the way they train
but uh like I said it's good it has its
benefits right they're still doing more
research to find out exactly how it
correlates with muscle growth but there
there definitely is a correlation um
that's one lactic acid buildup you want
to get that number two is obviously it's
also in theory is the you know the whole
fascia stretching Theory right the
theory that the more blood you pump into
the muscle the more the fascia will
stretch as the muscle expands and you
know the more room you have for your
muscle to grow because you know a very
hard and tough fashion will limit you
know how much the muscle can expand the
fresher is the tissue around the muscle
by the way in case you don't know so
that's still a theory but it you know it
holds a lot of water you know if you
take an animal that's you know and you
look at the any muscle the animal that's
covered in fast you'll notice it's a
substance that's like that's stretchy
but if you for instance I don't know try
to take a pump and try to pump water or
whatever into that muscle you notice it
swells and it faster stretches with
humans it it might be different but it
also might be similar so we don't know
it's a theory but I've noticed great
Gams every time I go for my pump you
know I know my body will stay Fuller
longer so that's the second reason the
third reason to uh trace the pump I
would say in my opinion is obviously
psychop plasmic hypertrophy right
everybody knows what the two types of
hypertrophy psychop plasmic hypertrophy
is mainly it's not it's not necessarily
the muscle growing it's mainly the the
area around the muscle expanding to to
be able to store more glycogen more
fluids whatever so it's like the fluid
is around the muscle growing and
expanding which gives you that full look
you know that that that Fuller look
which is um it's still hypertrophy in a
way you know um so th those are three
reasons to to chase the pum you know the
I mean I'm a I'm a big fan of sural
brace um style training Serge look him
up he was a great bodybuild he was
natural a claim natural and he had an
amazing physique
uh and in fact he was one of the guys
that was up there with all know amazing
physique and if you look at his workouts
this guy did crazy volume and he always
traced the pump always traced the pump
right he was also strong he had like
over 400 lb bench press but he would he
would work do his chest workout like 135
lb you know and you know he had a
phenomenal chest he'll do he'll do super
high volume I don't recommend anybody to
do the the exact volume he did but
that's what work for him he was a big
beli in pump training feel he life lik
you know um feeling the muscle Kai green
Jay Cutler you know all these enhanced
athletes also you know a big Advocates
of high volume training for hypertrophy
also strength do not neglect strength
I'm not saying you know do only one in
bodybuilding there there's never any
absolutes you want to do both for your
fast your slow twist and your strength
or whatever but do not need like pump
training right there so many people I
remember what watching p and iron back
in the days and I would hear all no talk
about the pump and I thought man that's
just for sure whatever know it's not
just for sure you know the pump has a
part to play in building muscle all
right guys hope that helps three reasons
I'm out of here
