what's going on my team 3D Kings out
there you all know I hate doing videos
at night cuz the lighting is horrible
and it just I don't know the quality
just comes out bad but anyway I've been
procrastinating this video for way too
long I'm making my um garlic mushroom
sauce it's U right now my macros are I
don't have the exact numbers memorized
but I'm high in fats low in um
carbs and kind of like a protein it's
not a keto diet don't even worry about
it it's not a keto diet it's
just I'm increasing my fats cuz I want
to keep my testosterone levels healthy
but anyway so I'm making my garlic
mushroom sauce it's delicious cuz I love
mushroom and I don't want to buy
mushroom pizza cuz like I said you know
I'm reducing my body fat percentage so
I'm looking for a substitute so it's a
great sauce to make where um if you're
eating ground rice or if you're eating
just veggies you can put on top of
pretty much anything I'll put it on top
of anything um first thing I do is I
have this um this is this is my my log
my recipe log this where I put all my
recipes whatever whether it's a recipe I
saw in the magazine or something that I
customized myself I write it down this
where I have my ingredients on the left
side and the directions on the right
side just in case you know how like you
you don't cook something for a long time
and you kind of forget what to do so I
always write it down so I could always
go back to it and um and look I have a
notepad for everything guys but anyway
so I have the ingredients here and the
directions here so first thing I'm going
to do is before I start cooking I move
everything out the way right I move
everything out the way and I
just start getting my ingredients and I
put my ingredients on this side my scale
is here in case I need to weigh anything
now as you all know as bodybuilders we
can just make food we can just read a
recipe and just do it we got to actually
count the macros so we got to have like
the portions and everything like that
that's why I make sure I have my cups up
here and I have my scale but anyway um
I'm going to show you guys the
ingredients all right guys here's a
quick look at the ingredients you're
going to need some
parsley you're going to need um
half a lemon I'mma cut this in half
you're going to need half an onion
you're going to need two garlic cloves
you're going to need some heavy whipping
cream just a little bit cuz it's high
and fat you're going to need some
chicken broth make sure it's low in
sodium cuz most of them are
saturated with sodium black
pepper 100% extra virgin olive
oil and some salt obviously
oh and how can I forget you going to
need some mushrooms Pella shake it
doesn't really matter you just need some
good tasting mushroom all right guys
next thing you want to do is you want to
chop up your garlic for everyone who
knows how to chop garlic you know that
if you're going to put Garlic into a
salt you want to turn into a paste so
what you want to do is you want to take
salt you want to chop it up in little
pieces and you want to put salt on
top what happens is if you took
chemistry classes Salt absorbs water
so it's going to draw the water out of
the garlic and it's going to make it
into a paste so you want to put salt on
top wait like 30 seconds and start like
mashing it like this you want to squeeze
it and then press down it's going to
turn into a paste I'll show you guys in
a minute all right guys next up once you
cut up your mushrooms I have more here
you want to put 3 tablespoons of olive
oil and you want to have it on medium
not high not low
medium once it heats up you want to
already have your onion chopped
up want to throw it in all right guys
next thing you want to do is you want to
add your mushrooms to the um once your
onions are kind of like you start
hearing that sound that sizzling sound
you want to throw in your mushrooms and
this is a lot it's more than I usually
use but don't worry after the water
comes out it's going to shrink in size
and you wait about few minutes all right
guys next up you want to add your salt
after you put the onions and the
mushrooms you waited like two minutes
you want to add the salt and then you
want to let it um let it heat up for 10
minutes so see you guys in 10 minutes
all right guys after 10 minutes of your
mushrooms cooking as you notice look
they got smaller a lot smaller cuz all
the water evaporated you want to add the
the um garlic paste and you want to like
Stir It Up for one more minute so see
you in 60 seconds all right guys after
this you want to put lemon half a lemon
not the whole lemon just half a lemon
you want to squeeze it in and you want
to put your parsley that you obviously
up
already get in
there hold on a
second parsley parsley
parsley put the rest of the
lemon and then you want to
put this here that's
uh that's about half a cup of the
chicken
stock
and you want to wait 2 minutes until it
boils all right guys now this is almost
done the last 5 minutes you want to just
take a/4 of a cup of that heavy whipped
cream put it everywhere and just mix it
up and wait 5 minutes until the cream
thickens and that's it see you guys in 5
minutes all right guys it's the final
result doesn't look like the most
tastiest thing but trust me it tastes
like heaven it's freaking delicious the
reason why you don't see all of it here
is because I started eating it as you
can see I have my pork chop here and I
have my lettuce and carrots and whatever
and I have the mushroom thing I was
hoping it would be daylight so I can
show you what it really looks like on
the proper sunlight right now it just
looks like pretty much but it's not
stools it tastes very great delicious
try it out you won't regret it you can
mix it with rice pasta bread anything
I'm just cutting right now so I got to
eat it with this you know no grains but
oh well try it all right guys T real
good
3D
