hey guys what's going on Megan here all
right the best triceps exercises for
nucleus overload the five criteria we're
going to use for nucleus overload is the
same as usual it has to be an isolation
movement it has to have a low risk of
injury low muscle and joint damage low
CNS fatigue and obviously has to give
you a great pump right no weighted
stretch for this one remember weighted
stretch is for the S portion of hhp
training it is not for nucleus overload
for many reasons all right let's get
started skull crushes that's going to go
in B tier even though it's a great
exercise you do not want to do scull
Crushers for nuclear Sil load especially
if you have other options do not confuse
nuclear civil Lo with HSP training even
though both of my programs there are two
completely different things that have
Synergy right so even though I made
program Skull Crushers for HSP training
I would not advise it for nucleus
overload next we have the one arm
extension the one arm French Press I'm
also going to put that in B tier great
great triceps exercise is actually one
of my favorite exercises for the S
portion of HSP training which is for
weighted stretch but not for nucleus
overload I would not rank it as high
next we have the floor press That's
obviously going to go in F tier even
though once again it's an amazing
exercise but not for nuclear Sil Lo
triceps too much chest too much front
dels involvement risk of injuries is
obviously not low and it has a high
fatigue burden so F tier if you were
trying to do HSP training and you were
looking for a great exercise for the H
portion of HSP training to focus on your
triceps and even your pecs then yeah
this would be an amazing exercise next
we have triceps Kickbacks I'm actually
going to put that in a tier for nuclear
Sil load I know this exercise get
[ __ ] on a lot but for the purposes of
nuclear Sil load it checks all of the
criteria it is joint friendly it's an
isolation movement low muscle and joint
damage low fatigue great pump next we
have standing military press right the
op overhead press again graci exercise
most people don't even know that it
actually activates your triceps a crap
ton but for nucleus overload of course
not F tier next we have the JM press for
nucleus overload that's actually going
to go in C tier again once again that's
a great triceps movement but not
something I would program for nucleus
overload next we have dips another
amazing triceps movement but for nuclear
overload that's going to go in F tier
for the reasons I explained previously
too much front delts High injury risk
again keep in mind the reason why I keep
saying low injury RIS is because you're
going to be doing very high frequency of
nuclear silverload therefore an exercise
that appears to be safe drastically
becomes more dangerous if you do it
every single day right so that's why I
keep emphasizing whenever you do a
nuclear silverload pick safe movements
that have almost a zero risk of injury
obviously no movement has a zero injury
risk but you get the point I'm trying to
make all right next we have the dumbbell
pullover most people don't even know
that this is actually a great long head
exercise as well as a lap Builder and a
chest Builder to some extent but for
nuclear silverload F tier next we have
the seated French Press two-handed
French Press again an amazing trps
movement if you're doing HSP training
you guys already know that's going to go
into the S portion of HSP training
because you get a crazy way to stretch
and this exercise blew up my triceps
back in the days but once again for
nuclear Sil load I'm going to have to
put in B tier next we have the close G
bench press again great exercise for the
mid and upper pecs believe it or not
even though you Bay flat that does
Target your upper chest a lot great
movement for the outer head of the
triceps but for nucleus Sil load F tier
next we have lying triceps extensions
using dumbbells that's actually going to
go in a tier for nucleus silou next we
have behind the neck press most people
don't even realize that this is actually
a great triceps exercise as well as
obviously a shoulder and even upper
traps movement but for the purposes of
nuclear Sil load this goes in F tier
this is not something you want to do for
triceps nucleus overload next we have
seated French Press AKA seated overhead
triceps extensions but using something
other than a dumbbell so it could be a
easy bar it could be a machine again I'm
going to put that in B here right next
to the dumbbell French Press great great
great exercise for triceps but for
nuclear Civ low this is B tier next we
have the standard flat bbell bench
breast that's going to go in F tier for
nucleus overload next we have push-ups
right basic standard Calis stanic
push-ups again amazing exercise if
you're a beginner amazing exercise for
chess in fact I built my chest doing
nuclear Silo push-ups when I was a
teenager all right but for nuclear Silo
triceps I will put that in DET tier for
obvious reasons next we have diamond
push-ups right obviously it puts a
greater emphasis on the triceps because
your hands are closer together another
amazing Calis Statics movement but for
nuclear there are much better option so
I'm going to put that in tier next we
have tricep dips one of the most
underrated exercises for triceps in my
opinion but for nuclear Silo that's
going to go in C tier nuclear solo
triceps that is next we have cable
Kickbacks right so earlier we talked
about dumbbell Kickbacks now we have
cable Kickbacks for nuclear Silo triceps
a very underrated exercise that's
actually going to go in s tier if you
have access to this movement this is an
oscillation movement extremely low risk
of injury low muscle and joint damage
low fatigue burden and a great great
pump your tricep is going to feel like
it's about to explode you cannot go
wrong with this exercise for nucleus of
that is next we have standing cable
French Press again you guys know I love
French presses overhead extensions in my
opinion are the best tricep movements
period especially for the L head you get
a great stretch and almost everyone I
recommended this movement to in the last
decade plus as the S sport of HSP
training got great results even my uncle
and for nuclear Sil triceps that's
actually going to go in a tier the only
reason why it's not higher is because
you do not want to do too much weighted
stretching on nuclear overload right
that's the most important part of the as
part of HSP training right which is the
weighted stretch the lant partials the
eccentrics the negatives but not for
nucleus ofo simply because the risk of
muscle damage is a little too high so I
know it's a little confusing because you
guys know I missed the way to stretch
for me it's all about the way to stretch
but you got to be objective when you do
a nucleus overload you actually want to
reduce the weight of stretch because
again too much damage since you're going
to be doing it so frequently right
anywhere from three to seven times a
week meanwhile if you're doing a peak
contraction movement the only damage
you're going to get is calcium related
damage and over time your body becomes
more and more resilient at handling that
anyway so next we have triceps push
Downs with the vball that's going to go
in s for nucleus of low triceps
isolation movement low injury risk low
muscle and joint damage low fatig great
pump next we have a standard tricep push
down right with the straight barall
that's also going to go in s TI for
nucleus of AOW triceps again an
isolation movement with a low injury
risk low joint damage risk low fatigue
and a sick pump next we have the tricep
push downs but this time using the Rope
apparatus that's also going to go in s
for the reasons that I always mentioned
for nucleus Sil load it has low injury
risk low muscle and joint damage risk
low fatigue isolation great pump next we
have the seated triceps extension
machine that one is actually very very
very underrated everyone craps on this
exercise but for nuclear Silo triceps
you cannot find a better exercise this
one goes in s tier there is no way you
can get injured doing this it gives you
a great pump and it checks all the other
boxes that are required for an exercise
to be a great nucleus solow movement and
last but not least we have cross body
triceps extension same thing low injury
risk great isolation movement low risk
of joint almost musle damage L fatigue
burden and a great pump so this also
goes in s tier all right guys hope this
video helps grab the books to support
the channel the testosterone ebook and
the HSP training book like And subscribe
I'm out of here
