if you don't increase what i call your
triple s score you screwed
hey guys what's going on megan here
alright so today is saturday so we're
going to talk about sex suck saturday
dating and cheat clapping
now you guys remember the video i made
uh i think it was the first nofap video
where i explained that pretty much the
main reason why humans and animals and
every other thing on this planet do the
things they do is because
we are trying to pass on our genes right
every single part of your behavior the
reason you eat the reason you drink the
reason you breathe everything you do
whether subconsciously or consciously is
ultimately to pass on your dna to the
next generation on and so forth right
right and the reason is simple right
organisms that didn't pass on the dreams
to the next generation or that didn't do
the behaviors needed to be done in order
to press on their genes are not here
it's that simple and that obviously
brings us to the topic of this video
right why females are so picky and why
are you going to have a hard time
passing on your dreams or even clapping
cheats unless you understand this right
the difference in behavior and
motivation between male and female right
number one remember a woman can only
release one egg every 30 days on average
of course right keep in mind everything
that i talk about is always on average
right they're always exceptions so we're
not going to talk about twins and all
that [ __ ] on average a woman is only
going to release about one egg every 30
days so her ability to produce a gamete
right an egg which contains a genetic
material
is limited to the fact that she can only
release one every 30 days meanwhile men
can release about 4 billion every 30
days look at the drastic difference
one egg every 30 days compared to 4
billion every month right roughly
because remember guys can produce over a
thousand sperm cells in one second
it takes a woman 30 days for to produce
a gamete so you can already see
one of the first reasons why women have
evolved to be extremely picky their
ability to pass on their genes is
extremely limited compared to men and
you can also see what men have evolved
to be promiscuous as [ __ ] right society
hates to admit this but men have evolved
to be host right because we pumping out
these suckers left and right 4 billion
in 30 days next right we can just keep
on going right second reason again once
a woman is pregnant once that egg is
fertilized she's stuck for nine months
so for nine months she has to deal with
a painful and uncomfortable pregnancy
meanwhile
look at the parental investment from the
guy right it's zero months pregnant he
can clap cheeks and just disappear and
his genetic material is gonna make it
throughout the generations meanwhile she
has to hold on to that kid for nine
months in her body and keep in mind we
live in a modern world things are
different now there's bird control on
that stuff but you gotta understand guys
we were hunters and gatherers for 99 of
our existence our brains are still
adapted to being hunters and gatherers
this is facts right don't think because
we live in cities now our brains are any
different that's not how quickly uh
evolution works right so subconsciously
the female brain is still operating
under those conditions next
high pregnancy caloric cost while she's
pregnant keep in mind when a woman is
pregnant her caloric needs go up
obviously she has to eat enough food for
herself to have enough fat stores and
also for the child meanwhile obviously
zero pregnancy caloric costs right
remember the guy can just clap cheeks
and leave obviously it's not recommended
you know you guys know i'm a big
believer of if you knock somebody up you
better stick around and help raise the
kid but again we talking about in
general from an evolutionary perspective
the guy does not have to increase his
caloric needs you know especially if he
doesn't stick around right so she needs
more food right more fat more protein
more carbohydrates more fruits more
veggies blah blah
in order to make it out there in the
wild while she's pregnant meanwhile the
guy can just disappear next she's
vulnerable while pregnant obviously keep
in mind just imagine a pregnant woman in
the wild unless you're surrounded by a
guy that can protect her unless you're
surrounded by a tribe or a group of
other women
she is screwed right extremely hard to
run from predators extremely hard to
defend herself from threats during those
nine months that she's pregnant right
not not doing the entire nine months but
you know you know what i mean like once
the belly is too big
meanwhile once again zero risk while the
woman is pregnant
right again he could just disappear he
can still hunt he could still climb
trees he could still run he could sprint
he could do whatever the [ __ ] he wants
and his genetic material is still going
to make it down the line next maternal
mortality risk right
die in a trial birth everyone forgets
that that was the thing back in the days
right now obviously you know the rates
are a lot lower because we have better
health care and things like that but
back in the introduce this was a huge
thing the woman can go through all of
this nonsense the nine months of
pregnancy the pain the sleepless nights
all of that stuff and then boom died
when the kid is born meanwhile once
again
zero tribal fresh for the father if she
dies
if he was a dead beat caveman or dead
bee hunter gabby or whatever he would be
like right time to go to the next cheek
and start all over so again this is why
the female brain has evolved to be so
choosy with their partners and who's
clapping their cheeks even in the age of
birth control right we're not even done
yet and look at all the risks all of the
risks that the female has to go to just
to pass on her genes next two years
breastfeeding so let's say she does
survive trial birth now she has to
breastfeed for at least two years right
which is obviously a pain in the ass
meanwhile zero years of breastfeeding
for the father again as always this is
assuming that the father is not sticking
around obviously the father sticks
around he has to work harder and things
like that to provide for her on the kid
but i'm getting to that in a minute here
we're just assuming that the guy claps
the chicks and leaves right again as
she's breastfeeding
more energy costs not only she needed
more food while she was pregnant well
now she also needs a lot of food while
she breastfeeding obviously in fact uh
all the coaches i didn't know what i'm
talking about if you training a mother
who just gave birth you cannot cut her
calories too low right if she says hey i
want to lose weight we have to be really
careful how low we cut the calories
because once you cut the calories too
low she doesn't produce enough milk
women have to deal with that so they
need to have a constant supply energy in
order to keep feeding the child
meanwhile once again zero breastfeeding
caloric cost for the male once again we
we imagining a deadbeat as goku right he
clapped her cheeks and disappeared
three years glue to the child for her to
pass on her jeans once that kid is born
she is glued to that child for at least
three years right because again back in
the days you cannot leave a kid running
around in the jungle or the forest or
whatever right an eagle can come out of
nowhere and pick it up a snake can grab
it a predator can come hyenas you name
it right so she's
pretty much paralyzed glued to that kid
for at least three years right in some
cases more right meanwhile once again
zero years glued to the child that's why
unfortunately we have so many deadbeat
dads out there right who just knock
women up and disappear it sucks but
again it's showing you how different the
parental investment is between men and
women who want to pass on their genes
next
she can only have about one kid a year
once again when i talk about twins
because that's how you see rare right so
she can only have one kid a year
meanwhile
think about it a guy can have
theoretically over 3 000 kids a year
right if he collapse 10 different treats
a day
right obviously theoretically right he
can have over 3 000 kids a year right he
could clap take a break clap take a
break clap and his body just keeps
pumping out these sperm cells right
remember guys in the two months uh the
sperm creation cycle takes about two
months but your body can crank out
millions and millions and millions of
sperm cells during that period right so
if he's clapping 10 different women a
day theoretically of course it's not
going to happen he could have over 3 000
kids a year meanwhile she can only have
one in addition to going through all of
this bs next
no eggs by the time should be 40 to 50
right by the time she goes to menopause
obviously it varies and again there are
always exceptions that women who got
kids past that but on average most women
are done by the time they're 40 or 50.
so that's it they have a biological
clock meanwhile
a guy can keep clapping cheeks and
pumping our kids there's no age limit i
think the oldest father is like a
hundred a hundred something years old i
don't know if it's 101 or whatever but
guys constantly pump our sperm cells
doing their entire lives as long as he's
healthy of course now keep in mind the
older the guy is uh the chances of
getting a woman pregnant go down because
of issues you know issues with sperm
quality and things like that but he's
still pumping out sperm cells and he can
still get a woman pregnant even if it's
100 years old so when you sum all of
this up together the woman can only have
about 10 or 70 kids max and this is
assuming she starts very young you know
in these cultures that the women start
really young as like teenagers and [ __ ]
right so this is assuming best case
scenario she starts very young she can
only have about 10 or 70 kids right not
including 20 if you include twins of
course the number goes up in fact i
think the the most kids the woman i ever
had was over 60 but yeah 10 or 70 kids
max and that's that's if she's lucky
most women get back in the days they got
like five maybe ten kids uh someone
slightly above that they got like he got
twins but she is limited meanwhile once
again theoretically
a man can have over 300 000 kids right
if he starts clapping trees by the time
he's 13 like a lot of cultures the kids
are really young right i know it's gross
but hey you know can't be no centric
that's their [ __ ] i imagine he starts
around 13 and he claps all the way until
he's 100. he can have over 300 000 kids
now again obviously that's not gonna
happen but i'm just saying theoretically
right he has the potential to over 300
000 kids but once again he will
literally have to clap uh 10 different
tricks a day for the rest of his life
right which again is not realistic but
if you look at history i think the most
kids the person had was over a thousand
you know you want to talk about genghis
khan you want to talk about all these
emperors and whatever so long story
short now you see why women are so picky
right at least 10 different reasons why
and even though we live in different
times their brains are still programmed
to be choosy their brains are still
programmed to be picky so that's why i
always tell men if you don't level up if
you don't compete in this day and age if
you don't increase what i call your
triple s score you screwed why because
the women are always going to pick the
guys at the top right and that's why i
keep telling you guys over and over
again women stand for security status
and sexiness subconsciously all around
the world regardless of culture
right because of the 10 reasons that i
mentioned earlier that's why they want
men who are secure meaning they have a
job they have it together right you
don't have to be a millionaire but you
got to have it together right a place to
live a call whatever again it depends on
the culture got to have status notice i
put two different pictures you don't
have to be a [ __ ] ceo right you got
to have high relative status meaning
wherever you work or wherever you
wherever you are in life you can be at
the bottom of the hierarchy it doesn't
matter if you're a construction worker
it doesn't matter if you're a mailman if
you're a garbage collector or if you're
ceo you gotta increase your relative
status because again women scan for that
right and obviously you gotta increase
your sexiness right and like i always
say most of us don't look like this
right ninety percent of your
[ __ ] don't look like this right
meaning you have to overcompensate any
other things right the higher you are in
one thing the less you have to
overcompensate on the other but the
lower you are on one thing the more you
have to overcompensate on the other i'm
gonna make a whole separate video going
in more detail about this and and how
the model really works right the
mushroom scores are 30 right 10 out of
10 here 10 out of 10 here 10 or 10 here
right but that's the beauty of things is
you don't have to score in the 30 right
as long as you have at least 50 as long
as you score at least 15 then trust me
you score high enough to be in a drawing
but there you have it
right that's why women are so choosy and
that's why you will never clap cheeks
unless you increase your competence
unless you find ways to become
attractive to the other sex because for
every girl that you want to clap out
there there's at least 20 to 30 guys who
are waiting in line right and she's not
gonna just
hand you over the cheeks unless you have
something that the other guys don't
right unless there's a thought of course
but anyway guys you get the point hope
this video helps next time i might
actually make a video i'll go into more
detail about this but definitely
definitely try to rank yourself and try
to increase uh you know your score on
the triple s model by the way it was so
cringy when i had to look for these
pictures man i had to type sexy man and
then my girl walked in and i was like oh
[ __ ] and i gotta explain this
but anyway i i'll tell you guys the full
story in the next video alright i'm out
of here all right guys don't forget to
like or share the video subscribe and
hit the bell and buy my hsp nucleus of a
little training program it's the
ultimate program for maximum muscle
growth it includes full body workout
splits bro splits push-pull
home workouts you name it also comes
with a complete guide for macros
nutrition fat loss muscle growth
hormones including a meal plan it's
pretty much all my 16 years of
experience
condensed into one [ __ ] book you're
also going to get free copies of any
future edition so visit team3d alpha.com
and you can use the 40 off coupon code
nucleus overload or you could just buy
this [ __ ] at full price alright guys i'm
outta here
