what's going on guys Megan here the
website is finally up after all the
years of waiting after all the requests
the website is finally up took me
forever to get that thing going been
working on it for a long time months
actually but um but it's up God's up you
know I'm still gonna make some changes
over time but uh but yeah the baby's
finally out I try to keep it as basic as
simple as possible I didn't want to put
so much fanciness on there so I used you
know kept the simple kept the basic I
got the logo here got the background oh
look a fat me in here look at that look
at that you guys always make fun of me
because I just picture it but I'm always
going to post this on so I see how far I
came those were the lean days when I was
obsessed with Ives thank god those days
are gone
um that's back when I thought I was so
[ __ ] all right anyway guys yep it's
here it's official you can subscribe
here to receive news and updates
you got to disclaim at the bottom so you
don't try to sue me if you snap your
[ __ ] up let's see so you got the
homepage about you got the about page
right little official who am I got the
mission here bloom nice and poetic you
got the little mini biography here um
what else with us contacts blown got the
email address right you got the program
boom just finally out guys the HSB
training / nucleus of a low slash bone
density everything combined into one
book been working on this for months and
it's finally out and if you click here
see it's finally here HSP training come
behind my bonus e training pretty much
that's what i did guys because it took
me forever to come up with a reasonable
price so i I simply my original goal was
to just make a ton of small
bugs one foot bone density training
wonderful way to stretch one full
necklace overlord one for the male
pretty much I wanted to make a ton of
small bugs and just put in my throws
like you know what why not just make it
easy why not just condense everything
into just one bug and then try to make
it as small and concise as possible
because most people got a short
attention span so no one wanted to read
a [ __ ] hundred page book so that's
what actually took me so long was how to
combine or listen to just one you know
and again you know a lot of people told
me you know what it's better to just
split them up and to put it all in one
but I was thinking about [ __ ] it so you
got the lady starts training nucleus
overload [ __ ] you got the meal plan
macro guy nutrition guide pretty much
it's a team three D alpha muscle
building Bible every single question you
asked me on YouTube Facebook every
question you have about bodybuilding
nutrition it's all in there everything
literally everything something that you
gonna carry for the rest of your life
and here it is you know kept it simple
no did it all by myself and eventually
as I get better my am i again I who
knows I might release small books in
future but for now everything that you
want is in this one um cut it down from
195 people shot for the price I had it
all this [ __ ] up I'm transparent okay I
had it all this [ __ ] up right and he
kept my slap over like 195 20 bucks
right I was like [ __ ] down I'm not I'm
not gonna [ __ ] in you know he I spent a
lot of time in today so there's a lot of
years of experience and things like
there I'm not gonna [ __ ] sell off a
[ __ ] hour program for this much so
you know what cut that [ __ ] in have 85
bucks and don't forget as a subscriber
my extended family you get an additional
40% off but you gotta put the coupon
code if you don't put the coupon code
you pay in the smell so if you're not a
subscriber you paying the full price not
this one this one if you're a subscriber
you get 40% off this one right here so
it's gonna be even cheaper for a limited
time though because I still don't feel
good about making it that cheap because
I spent way too many months into this
no refunds once the files receive well
you sneaky [ __ ] disclaimer is
here again um what else what else what
else
Oh as far as the coupon code is simply
nucleus overload no space just nucleus
overload all right bye
boom just type that at the checkout page
no space right and you're good but hey
if you want to pay full price that's
even better alright alright next let's
see you let us well that's what us man
I'm so happy that spent so much time on
this [ __ ] site and it's for gas book
let's see you got the table of contents
here my friend saw me uh to keep it as
short as possible because at first it
was so many pages but you know what most
people not gonna read the whole thing so
I personally like things that are
straight to the point I don't like fluff
I don't like a lot of useless details so
kept a very short but concise so pretty
much every question you have is answer
there yep for coaching click on this
page right here boom again made it super
affordable for the subscribers it's it's
literally less than four hours a day but
again must you fight once you add in the
40% discount you down to less than three
bucks a day you spent more than that on
[ __ ] McDonald's and subway and all
that [ __ ] so if you're not willing
to put $3 a day or if you want to pay
full price five hours a day and see your
one physique then then I can't help you
by anyway so you click here for coaching
and again it comes with HSP training
customize the seven day meal plan macros
weekly one-on-one check-ins access to my
desk all foraging questions you get a
free copy of the bug so yes if you if
you are and this is also limited because
I'm probably gonna remove this I still
like a few weeks I'm gonna free copy of
the book and you also get the team to
die for their routine customized top you
would discipline a motivation all that
good [ __ ] and how to make it official
you could just type this here boom or
you could just email me what else for us
and of course you could click here
I'll take you straight to YouTube click
here that took you to the car but yeah
guys official official the website is
finally out the book is finally out I
know you guys been asking for years but
I finally had the time to work on it I
told you guys once I have a lot of free
time I'd be able to you know focus more
on the channel you know and you know you
obviously have to link to to the YouTube
channels let's click on that boom see
takes me straight here shut the [ __ ] up
ya know got the channel got the most
recent videos look at them clickbait
thumbnails I [ __ ] love them look at
that you got popular uploads boom boom
Nicolas little stories you got the
channels I [ __ ] wait so you got my man
out for destiny you got a credit on
games all that pretty much just here
guys everything's here the website is
here wasn't talking you [ __ ] about that
guys yet I say guys website is out book
is out go ahead and support your boy I'm
out of here
