hey guys going on Megan here one of the
common questions I get from men who are
trying to increase testosterone is Megan
how do I increase testosterone when I'm
on a budget when I'm broke uh a lot of
guys like using that as an excuse uh oh
me I can't do this it cost too much
whatever so I'm going to address that in
this video I going to look at the most
important things that increase
testosterone right the 10 testosterone
Commandments if you go through the
entire scientific literature and you
condense every testosterone boosting
factor into 10 things this is what you
get the to St some Commandments by the
way get my book on that I have a free
version and a paid version and up to you
and I'm going to rank them based on uh
how expensive they are right so if uh
some of them are going to require you to
have a lot of money right unfortunately
uh and some of them are going to be so
cheap that you know anyone can do it
right so I'm going to put it depends
that's in the middle cheap you know you
have zero excuses that one is it's so
cheap that again you have no excuses a
little expensive not going to lie right
and then obviously you fed so
at the bottom here is things that's very
expensive all right let's get started
getting sunlight one of the top 10 to St
one Commandments is getting enough
sunlight obviously through your eyes and
skin blah blah blah watch my videos on
that come on you have zero excuses bro
you don't need a lot of money to get
enough sunlight in fact the more broke
you are the easier it is to get sunlight
right you got nothing to do um so that
one you have no excuses next getting at
least 10,000 steps a day or what I
should say is being active right I say
steps but it's really activity being
being active I'm not talking about just
lifting weight I'm talking about moving
around whether it's swimming sparring
riding your bike uh being on your feet
just you know being active ideally
10,000 steps or more that one is you
have zero excuses how much money do you
need to go out for a walk come on see
next losing body fat again you have
actually I want to put that one at cheap
I'm not going to put it at actually I'm
going to put that you have no excuses
come on right if you broke then if
anything you should be skinny as [ __ ]
right if you're fat that clearly shows
that you have a surplus of energy a
surplus of calories and you don't move
enough so you have no excuses uh you
might argue that to eat healthy or it's
going to be a bit expensive but I
disagree I disagree because there's many
many ways to find uh cheap foods that
are also healthy I think I made a chair
list on that you know look it up right I
think I made a video on uh the best
foods for testosterone based on return
on investment so check that one out so
yeah you have no excuses easy to lose
body fight fact them all broke you order
Le know you should be there the reason
why when you go to poor countries it's
very hard to find fat [ __ ]
right next you have a track oh that one
let me think about this one I'll come
back to that one getting plenty of sleep
again you have no excuses how much money
do you need to sleep you know um if you
got time to watch TV play video games
you got time to get plenty of sleep next
uh yeah so this one is going to be a
little eating so that's the steak bar so
that's eating fatty animal protein I'mma
to put that one at a low expensive not
going to lie I'm not going to lie
protein is a bit expensive right
especially high quality red meat uh
that's a little expensive um eggs used
to be cheap as hell but I don't know
where you guys live but lately eggs have
been going crazy in price um for obvious
reason so uh before you guys I was going
to put this in cheap when EGS were still
obviously affordable but now eggs are
getting low pricey um now of course
there are things you could do watch my
video where I I explained a lot of
Alternatives if you broke but as far as
high quality red meat salmon uh fatty
fish you know um yeah it's a low
expensive not gonna lie but it's not an
excuse there's still things you can do
next getting high quality plant sauces
so fruits vegetables uh good low Gia
stares blah blah blah I'm not going to
lie it's a little expensive it's a
little expensive right now of course if
you get beans and stuff like that and
that's cheap but as far as getting
fruits berries pomegranates kiwi um you
know as well as uh even honey you know
cuz I actually put honey in that
category cuz it is kind of PL derived
right if you want if you want be
technical to beach get it from PL um I'm
not going to lie a l expensive so I give
you guys the pass but like I always say
there are things you could do in fact I
made a video called the the best
testosterone boosting carobs if you
broke check that one out so next lifting
weights uh I'm going to put that one at
cheap I'm not going to put that you have
no excuses because a lot of you guys
have no access to a gym it could be a
little pricey depending on where you
live but you could do galy Statics you
could go to the park right so that's the
only reason why I'm not putting it um at
a low expenses because there are things
you could do you know and if you have a
little money you could buy uh adjustable
dumbbells you know you could buy plates
you know guys as long as I keep seeing
those videos of the Africans and the
guys in India who are finding ways to
lift weights with break and [ __ ] you
have no excuses if you live in America
or in a first world country so I'mma put
that one at cheap next being surrounded
by attractive women come on you could do
that I'mma put that at cheap right women
are not always in expensive places right
like I said you don't have to interact
with them you just got to be in a place
where there's a lot of pretty women
around you that's going to increase it
to SI so I showed the studies and blah
blah blah so you don't need a lot of
money to do that you go to the park you
could go to the um obviously to the gym
you know it's not hard to be in a place
you go to a library you know B like to
eat a lot so yeah next you have uh uh
that one is the same thing as uh the
body fat part the stomach right making
sure you're not too shredded again you
have no excuses right by the way those
two are the same thing you know it's the
it's the stomach part making sure you're
not too fat and too shredded again you
don't need a lot of money to make sure
you're not too shredded are you kidding
me next making sure you're not too
stressed out I'm not going to lie I'm
not going to lie I'm put that one that
you kind of [ __ ] I'm not going to lie
because even when you got a lot of money
it's it's hard to reduce mental stress
um mental stress is always going to be
there so and if you broke your stress
might even be high
don't get me wrong but money comes tress
as well right because it's obvious see
you're entering a new tier um but if you
super broke you got to be kind of
stressed now of course there are things
you could do watch the video that I made
I think yesterday or the day before on
how to lower stress how to lower
cortisol uh but yeah I'm not going to
lie uh that's why I tell man you can be
broke you can't afford to be broke
because you're going to be stressed all
the [ __ ] time keep in mind the stress
is not just for mental stress is also
for physical stress so inflammation
toxins um pollution and all those things
and yeah the the the the more broke you
are the harder it is to avoid mental and
physical stress last but not least
competing for status competing in things
that are related to your a guy competing
with other men again you have no excuses
it's easy to do that right it's easy to
find uh rivals or friends or other men
to compete with right so as you can see
guys most 70% of The testone
Commandments can be done if you broke so
you have no excuses okay all right I
hope this video helps don't forget to
join the school community support the
channel buy the ebooks uh and hit me up
for coaching consultation blah blah blah
I'm out of here
