hey guys going on megan here top tier
tuesday
let's talk about the top 10 ways to
maximize your energy levels how to
increase energy guys one of the number
one issue that i see all the time is
people feel like [ __ ] all the time not
enough energy not enough motivation and
obviously you guys know everyone tries
to hop on tlt it's like we're living in
a tlt testosterone epidemic right
everyone is having a testosterone the
moment they feel like [ __ ] oh my energy
levels are down
gotta inject myself some steroids no
guys like i always preach on this
channel back to the basics
stick to the simple things right
nine out of ten times people that
complain that they feel like [ __ ] all
the time are not managing these top ten
things properly i'm just going to be a
three part series by the way this time
we're going to focus on foods and in the
next video we're going to focus on
lifestyle factors all right so top 10
ways to increase energy levels ranked
i'm about to not that's mandatory no
questions asked uh [ __ ] amazing
self-explanatory okay it's you know
things that are going to help with your
energy levels on average um and
obviously bad and pure garbage all right
so let's start at random uh carbs carbs
are going to go in the okay category
obviously right because some people feel
great on keto diets um some people feel
great doing carb nice and things like
that so it's not mandatory once again
unless you're a bodybuilder if you're
lifting heavy high volume workouts full
body workouts whatever high frequency
training nucleus overload you name it
then that's going to go up to [ __ ]
amazing
right anaerobic activities need carbs no
questions asked which is why people that
try to do full body workouts or high
volume training on low carb diets feel
like [ __ ] and their performance goes
down so i'm going to put this in okay
category because it kind of depends on
what kind of um what your lifestyle is
like once again if you're on full body
workouts then that's [ __ ] amazing
make sure you're getting enough carbs
next water i'm about to not category
guys i have an entire video on water
make sure you check it out so i don't
beat a dead horse
nine out of ten times when somebody
complains that they're feeling tired and
they're feeling like i should ask them
when's the last time you drink a gallon
of water a day and so enough they can't
even remember
guys there's no way in hell even if
you're not a bodybuilder you need a lot
of water for your energy levels to be
optimized right and studies after
studies have shown that most people are
dehydrated and that's the average person
if the average person is dehydrated how
much more bodybuilders and athletes who
are even more dehydrated because you
guys are lifting heart training
doing all the things that deplete your
body of sodium deplete your body your
water right water is in at the top of my
[ __ ] list most people that complain
that they feel like [ __ ] are simply
dehydrated your muscles need water your
digestive system needs water your blood
is mainly water your brain needs water
every system of your body cannot
function correctly when you are
dehydrated and remember the saying the
moment you feel thirsty chances are
you're already dehydrated mildly of
course
so what is at the top of the [ __ ]
list the next thing that's at the top of
the list is
vitamins and minerals almost everyone i
meet is deficient in vitamins and
minerals vitamin b magnesium vitamin c
your antioxidants also guys if you're
deficient in vitamins and minerals how
the [ __ ] do you expect your mitochondria
to to perform well how do you expect
your red blood cells to be made i mean
every part of your energy production
system is regulated by your vitamins and
minerals right so make sure you have
enough magnesium in your diet obviously
enough sodium in your diet for proper
hydration enough b vitamins for energy
production enough vitamin c mainly for
antioxidant properties make sure you're
getting enough iron on and so forth guys
make sure you have a diet or a meal plan
that guarantees that every day you're
getting enough vitamins and minerals
else you're going to feel like [ __ ] all
the time and no i'm not talking about
popping the random multivitamins
multivitamins are trash i repeat
multivitamins or traps i'm not going to
go into details but make sure you're
getting the vast majority of your
vitamins and minerals from foods next
protein i'm going to put protein in a
[ __ ] amazing category and it's very
simple
your body uses protein for far too many
beings especially if you're constantly
lifting and constantly stimulating
muscle protein synthesis keep in mind
guys most of the neurotransmitters
responsible for your energy levels so
dopamine noradrenaline and obvious
adrenaline itself are made from tyrosine
the amino acid tyrosine and i know you
think it well my body makes tyrosine
[ __ ] your body makes cyrosine from
phenylalanine which is an essential
amino acid your body cannot make
phenylalanine right so you have to make
sure you're not deficient in protein and
no trust me most people are not getting
enough protein especially the people who
lift weights right so a lot of times if
you feel like [ __ ] if you can't focus
meaning you have low dopamine low
noradrenaline levels you may have not
enough protein and high quality amino
acids in your diet right so get your
protein in brings us to the next thing
healthy fats [ __ ] amazing make sure
you're getting enough healthy fats and
yes that includes cholesterol right now
your body needs cholesterol obviously to
make testosterone and vitamin d and all
your important hormones but your body
also need but your body also needs fats
to produce bile and to absorb a lot of
your important vitamins not to mention
everyone is deficient in omega-3s
because people don't eat fish anymore
guys so get your omega-3s in get your
healthy fats in get enough cholesterol
for the synthesis of
testosterone and vitamin d yes your body
makes its own cholesterol but i have a
whole video on that coming up it's best
to provide it through your diet combined
with exercise of course so that you
don't go overboard and
risk your heart health right next right
most people are so desperate trying to
get lean that they're not getting enough
fats in their macros no one unless you
weigh like [ __ ] 50 pounds should eat
less than 50 grams of fat today right
and to me that's the bare minimum
if your testosterone levels will trash
then that number should be way higher
next maximizing nitric oxide production
now put watermelon here but it's really
just anything that has citrulline
arginine and nitrates right so once
again make sure you have enough nitrates
in your diet mainly from fruits and
veggies but you also want to make sure
that you are eating enough foods high in
algae all right which brings us back to
the protein part right because your body
is going to need citrulline arginine and
obviously nitrates produce nitric oxide
guys remember nitric oxide widens your
blood vessels and not only allows you to
get a sick pump in the gym but it also
provides increased blood flow to your
brain which allows you to be more alert
and to have more energy levels overall
right it's very important that you keep
your nitric outside levels high
especially as you get older alright next
fiber and gut health i'm going to put in
okay i wanted to put it in [ __ ]
amazing but because this depends on what
your diet is already like i'm going to
put in okay right so once again make
sure you have enough fiber in your diet
make sure you have enough probiotics or
you're eating fermented foods on a
regular basis because remember guys a
lot of your neurotransmitters especially
serotonin are made in your gut right the
bacteria in your gut produce those
things so if you have a diet extremely
low in fiber extremely low in probiotics
chances are you won't be producing a lot
of the neurotransmitters that you need
for optimal energy levels and that's in
addition to all the other benefits that
fiber has
so make sure you're getting enough fiber
in your diet next drinking coffee guys i
want to put it at bad right simple
because if you have to drink coffee
chances are you're not doing any other
things up here right if you wake up in
the morning and you feel like [ __ ] you
have no energy levels and you have to go
for a cup of coffee
chances are the day before you [ __ ] up
on one of those things right maybe you
dehydrated maybe your dad is deficient
in vitamins on and so forth right so if
you have to drink coffee then you [ __ ]
up on something up here all right so
that's i'm gonna put coffee at bat now
yeah if you want instant energy i'm
gonna put that and i'm about to nut
right but once again ask yourself why do
i need to drink coffee in the first
place and that includes pre-workout as
well right anything that has caffeine
energy drinks blah blah if you have to
take a pre-workout which i'm not against
by the way sometimes you just need that
extra push right just to get your
workout out of the way but if but if you
have to constantly do it ask yourself
why
humans are not designed to wake up in
the morning and feel like [ __ ] so if you
feel like [ __ ] in the morning something
is wrong and when i mention the
lifestyle factors uh we're gonna mention
coffee again all right next
getting shredded being in a caloric
deficit pure garbage right
pure garbage guys if you are natural
there is no way in hell unless you have
some weird-ass genetic mutation there's
no inherent that you're going to have
maximum energy levels while in the
caloric deficit especially if it's a
severe color deficit now if you're obese
obviously you want to try to get down to
a healthy body fat percentage range but
i in fact watch my video on why trying
to chase six-pack abs is [ __ ] up a
lot of natural lifters journey i made
that over a year ago and it's still
relevant to this day too many of you
guys are chasing the six-pack dream the
shredded six-pack dream because you are
so influenced by all these roid heads
out there right but the difference is
they're on the juice you not so no
natural person should be under 10
percent body fat no ideally around 15
body fat right and
not to mention that trying to be in a
caloric deficit all the [ __ ] time
chances are you're going to be deficient
in vitamins because you're eating less
vitamins and minerals you're probably
getting
less fats because let's be honest
one of the first things that people cut
when they're trying to uh
lower the calories is their fats so the
testosterone goes down because in their
collect deficit if the samsung goes down
even more because they're eating less
fats and their omega-3s goes down as
well right so just trying to be under 10
body fat naturally is a disaster and
trust me you're gonna feel like [ __ ] now
if you're obese it's a whole different
story try to come down to 15 body fat
maybe 20 okay so once again caloric
deficit is down here caloric surplus is
obviously going to be collect surplus of
maintenance is going to be somewhere
between okay and [ __ ] amazing all
right and last but not least drinking
beer obviously pure garbage right stay
away from alcohol i say beer but it's
alcohol right
stay away from my alcohol it's gonna
drain you of your energy levels trust me
i don't even have to say trust me
because you guys know what i'm talking
about
you're gonna feel drowsy as hell because
again alcohol depresses the central
nervous system you're going to be
dehydrated and depending on how much
alcohol you drink if you hung over or
whatever it's just going to [ __ ] up the
rest of your day right i say guys and
once again most people that complain and
say they want to hop on testosterone
because they feel like [ __ ] about blood
they're not even doing this right right
they're not getting enough water not
enough vitamins minerals not enough
protein high quality protein most of the
time not enough omega-3s and healthy
fats and cholesterol not enough nitric
oxide in their bodies then either not
eating enough carbs because they're
probably dieting or training too hard
and not increasing their carb intake
relative to the training load they're
not getting enough fiber and probiotics
so the gut huff is trash and they decide
to hop on the juice do all of these
things first go back to the basics
before you try to look for the next hot
supplement that's going to boost your
energy levels or worse before you decide
to hop on steroids like i always say
only two types of people should even
think about getting on steroids one
professional athletes right if you're
ifbb pro you're trying to compete in mr
olympia you don't have a [ __ ] choice
obviously
right or if you're in the nfl and
you know everybody else is on roy's and
there's no way you're going to be able
to put up the same numbers because
you're obviously in a disadvantage yeah
i can't really blame you and number two
people that have genetic conditions
where they just cannot produce
testosterone if you're not in those two
categories you have no business hopping
on the [ __ ] juice but i digress
anyway i hope this video helps part two
is going to be on lifestyle factors that
maximize your energy levels see you in
the comments alright guys don't forget
to like or share the video subscribe and
hit the bell and buy my hsp nucleus of a
little training program it's the
ultimate program for maximum muscle
growth it includes full body workout
splits bro splits push-pull
home workouts you name it also comes
with a complete guide for macros
nutrition fat loss muscle growth
hormones
including a meal plan it's pretty much
all my 16 years of experience
condensed into one [ __ ] book you're
also going to get free copies of any
future edition so visit team3d alpha.com
and you can use the 40 off coupon code
nucleus overload or you could just buy
this [ __ ] at full price all right guys
i'm out of here
