what's going on one of the questions
that I get the most Theo especially from
new subscribers is what the [ __ ] is HSP
training what the hell is HSP training
because every single time I get a
question people like hey what exercise
should I do what program should I follow
I always tell them HSP HSP just keep
doing h be training and I keep getting
what is what even even on my Facebook
you know for like the last two to three
years every time I get a question on
what program should I follow what's the
and I always tell them do whatever
program you want as long as it
incorporates all the HSP training
principles and again HSP simply stands
for heavy stretch pump I made a ton of
videos about that stop being lazy guys
go back to the videos type mean type uh
you know HSP or type nuclear whatever
question you have first try to go to
YouTube and see if I don't I didn't make
a video on it already chances are I
already have have um but for the ones
one more detail again and again focus on
three basic movements a pretty much HSP
is a combination right of all the
research that I did on bodybuilding all
the [ __ ] research that I did on
muscle growth you know exercises the
fastest way to grow you know guys I was
always looking for the faster way to
build muscle you know remember I was 142
PBS I had to find ways to grow when I
got to 160 my highest was 168 and I
could I break that Plateau guys I mean I
tried everything I tried to overeat I
would just get fat I would cut back to
165 I mean I was just stuck there and
everyone something hey man you put on 20
pounds of muscle be happy you know just
you know that's it you're not going to
go any you know you're not going to go
any further than that and then you know
until I told him [ __ ] you kept
researching I discovered full body
workout called back loading whatever
next you know I went up to 180 190 you
know 220 um so it it's so when I tell
you guys to just keep it simple I know
exactly what I'm talking about as I've
been there I I I you know I was lean you
know I got you know I did a dirty bug I
did every single thing you could think
about looking for what really works and
at the end of the day when you condense
all that [ __ ] as far as exercises HSP
focus on three basic movements three
basic type of exercises and you are
going to meet all your criteria for
hypertrophy guys and this is not
something that I just built up in a lab
research is not I remember research is
not inventing I did not invent this I
just synthesiz I just synthesized it I
looked at the science I looked at the
brw science I looked at my research that
I did on traps years ago and I was
studying you know what was the fastest
way to make traps grow and I discovered
that it was to heavy intense stretches
um when I did my research on nuclear
silverload uh you know pretty much high
frequency training I did my research on
bone density I mean all of those things
when you put them all together into one
program that's how you end up with HSP
right and when I tell you guys that I I
I I looked at everything I looked at
everything I I even looked at all the
methods that that the uh ifbb Pros were
use I looked at dog crap training I
looked at fs7 I looked at I mean all of
those things again if you go to the old
videos you see exactly what I'm talking
about and when you put them all together
I'm a I'm a statistics guy I put
everything in Excel and I look for
correlations cor [ __ ] relations right
and it's all about those three types of
movements then when I looked at then
when Brad scfi came out with the
mechanical tension damage and uh
metabolic stress research I had three
orgasms I was so [ __ ] excited because
that validated all the things that I
kept looking at you know in you know
line in bugs and the Bro Science World
all the way back to Africa and all that
[ __ ] so you have the science backing it
up you have the research backing it up
guys just listen do it you see results
it
remember building muscle all comes down
to three principles that I always talk
about growth factors energy and amino
acids you combine those three together
you're going to have muscle growth if
you reach your Plateau is because one of
those three factors is deficient either
you're not getting enough energy enough
calories or nutrients things like that
you're not getting enough amino acids or
you're not stimula your growth factors
you know alone and HSP training pretty
much every single training program out
there only contributes to the growth
factor part of the equation so HSP is
how you maximize that you maximize the
the you know the occlusion you maximize
the the bone density you maximize uh the
stress the damage I mean M to activation
it's all in there so just focus on that
guys keep it simple trust me I wish I
could go back in time and retrain my old
self so I wouldn't have to go all over
the place looking for what works and
experimenting on my body and trying so
many different things it all buils down
to three exercises have a heavy
exercise where the goal is primarily
strength and bone density right uh so
again chest it'll be something like dips
or bench breast or whatever uh I still
believe that weighted dips is number one
but if you like to bench go ahead uh for
the stretch it would be heavy ass dumb
up flies or again heavy ass weighted
dips right emphasizing the stretch
remember the stretch is the most
important part watch my videos on the
stretch guys you know go goes all the
way back to
2012 um and number three is occlusion
right so you just want to focus on uh a
pump exercise you know whether it's body
weight you know push-ups or
crossovers whatever something that's
going to give you maximum inclusion and
do them in that specific order there the
reason why I put them in that order
because I find out that's what works
best heavy first stretch where you
already have some blood in the muscle
and then occlusion so that you don't
have to do too much volume like right at
the end you know because if you try to
do occlusion first then kind of throws
the whole thing off unless you want to
pre-exhaust your muscle but um that's
all you know that's all you need what
you doing splits push full full body
workast if you're doing full body
workast obvious it's going to take a lot
longer but you could super set the
stretch on the pump exercise to make it
faster that's what I do now again when
my you know when the book comes out I
have all of that you know written down
I'll try to go into details as far as
you know how you could structure program
around that based on your schedule your
goals and things like that so that's
going to be in the book but don't worry
about that for now um just follow this
basic ass advice all right I hope this
helps again please no more questions on
what is HSP training all right just do
some [ __ ] searching right I you know
I don't like to have to Res to tough
love but come on guys you know it's
it's I I can't make the same videos over
and over again I you know I would love
to but there's a lot of topics that I
have to cover and there's a lot of more
questions that I have to answer all
right hope that if you're a new
subscriber subscribe if you enjoy the
video you [ __ ] with Team 3D give me a
thumbs up comment below let me know your
questions for the next videos and don't
forget to dominate your life dominance
discipline Direction team
3D
