hey guys what's up Megan here on my way
to work um this video is about mtor cuz
you're going to hear me missioning a lot
and I believe that a lot of people don't
know what mtor is pretty much it stands
for I can't pronounce that [ __ ] the
mamalian target of rer M or whatever and
um short and simple it's a protein right
it's a protein that regulates cell
growth without it you know it's um
almost impossible to you know build
muscle but um why is it important well
you have to understand the ways to
activate it the way the way to stimulate
it and the and the things that that
hinder it you know obviously if You
Hinder it it's going to be hard to uh to
build muscle now the pathway that
signals MTO you know caus it to activate
or whatever whatever you want to call it
is uh it's it's triggered it's
stimulated by by exercise training
obviously that's why when you work out
you get bigger right and it's also
signal by um uh it's also stimulated by
uh posttraining
um protein consumption right so when you
eat protein post-workout specifically we
because it's fast digesting and
specifically loosing right I made a
video about that uh it you know SP your
insulin but you know a bunch of you know
a whole bunch of [ __ ] and it also uh
leads to protein synthesis right so all
these two things right pro protein
ingestion and training all that stuff Le
to protein synesis it uh it it um it
stimulates the pathway that signals MTO
to start doing his job now
uh why is it important to know well
studies search whatever has shown that
uh when you when you train right when
you begin
training uh it's easy to stimulate that
pathway boom you know your body is super
sensitive to that [ __ ] you shocked your
body and you know you grow now they find
out that repeated training if you keep
training over and over and over and over
again it becomes it becomes harder and
harder to stimulate that pathway right
that's that that signals M to it becomes
like resistant almost like insulant
resistance right your body doesn't like
too much of anything or too little you
give your body too little the carbs you
start to lose fat but then your hormones
go in know get out of whack if you're
body too many carbs first you get big
but after a while you get fat and you
become insulin resistant you eat too
little protein you know you don't make
too many gains you eat too much protein
you get kidney problems and um you know
your your body hates haste extreme body
likes to be in IM balance so now when I
first started a study I was mad as [ __ ]
because I love to train I love training
I train so much I train three times a
day uh uh the leas is twice a day right
um that's when I don't Sprint
uh I I like frequency I love training
not not not because I I like building
muscle you I love it but because I just
love the way Mak me feel I love training
you know in fact training as much as I
do is is often bad because I don't sleep
and eat enough but yet I still do it uh
but um I've always noticed that uh my
friends my bro signs friends used to
always tell me that I used to train too
much right and they used to train they
should be very inconsistent at training
right they would they would train very
hard for a short period of time and they
will back up the gym for a long time and
they will go back in the gym for a
consistent strong period of time and
they'll back off for a long time and I
should always poke fun and I'm like you
guys are so inconsistent you guys are so
lazy but they used to always grow and
grow and grow and grow regardless of
their genetics right and I never
understood why until one of the one of
the guys Botho science again that's why
I told you guys there's a room for bro
signs you know I like combining bro
signs and sence because uh bro
signs uh are the people that's to people
doing this [ __ ] right so they might not
be right all the time but at least they
have hands on experience and I also like
combining signs because even though not
the ones in the gym doing it they look
at the microscopic level and they're
able to come here and and and put a
stamp on what Broan said or put an x on
it but anyway so these B sign guys to
tell me hey man you want to get big you
got to train hard but you got to take a
you know a lot of time off you can't
just take your regular off days that's
be like [ __ ] out of here that's laer
talk but now science found out that
they're they're absolutely right they
did experiments on uh on um rats and and
humans and they find out that if you
when you first start training your MTO
signal the pass for what you know
whatever is really receptive but the
more you train the the harder it is to
stimulated and stop making muscle games
and um they find out that the groups
that took that trained hard and it took
at least 12 days off every once in a
while when they got back in the gym boom
you know the body was sensitive to uh to
you know muscle games again and you know
they to conclusion that yes it's very
very beneficial to take uh long day days
off from the gym long uh periods of time
off not just off days as you know for
muscle Gams and I was like damn these
[ __ ] were right all along man
you know these bull sign [ __ ]
but I I still hated that cuz I was like
no there's no way man like I I love
training I'm not taking more than 10
days off from the gym every once in a
while and then I did more research and
then I found out that a lot of people
have been doing this [ __ ] right that
that's the importance of D week you know
but this is even better than deal we
that tell me you have to be train at all
I find Ry call us should take a long
time from the gym after a the Olympia
and a lot of people didn't know that you
know and he said that the amount of
intensity he puts in his workouts if he
didn't take that much time off there's
no way he could you know get as big as
he did I find out Flex whea used to take
a lot you know a long time off from
workast Kevin lron all these great
athletes used to take months off from
the gym you know and yes these guys like
good genetics but you got to understand
even on steroids they knew the
importance of taking long time from the
gym you know and this was the [ __ ]
career it's not like they were lazy this
is how they made money and they still
know the importance of
and they had phenomenal physiics so now
I'm looking at the you know the
relationship between all these all these
big professional guys on substances and
these natural guys bro scientists that I
was dealing with you know back in the
days and I I see you know a common link
even my one of my friends uh from
football used to tell me that he was big
as [ __ ] right and all his football
friends were huge and he I used to ask
him how his coach used to train him they
used to train in test during the
offseason and um they they would train
like maximum of two times a week on you
know on weight train training I was like
you [ __ ] kidding me he said yeah we
we'll train twice a week hot intense
though high volume intense but then
we'll back off for like a lot of days
you know I coaches made us do that and
we all you know we all grew like weeds
so um oh video is too long so yeah guys
that's the Common Thread uh take time
from the gym uh if you don't um pretty
much what I said you know the whole M to
[ __ ] is going to be all [ __ ] up man
it's going to be
resistant uh uh to me it's like the news
of like hearing somebody die man I got
to find a way to schedule some
you know long break in my workouts cuz I
I love training but anyway hope this
video helps guys and um do more research
on the topic if you skeptical peace
[Music]
out
