[Music]
hey guys what's up team 3D on Deck um
just quick videos about the most
important foods I believe once again
it's my opinion you know the top I would
say top 15 foods that should be on
everybody's grocery shopping list
whether you barking or I would say I
would say barking cuz right now you know
that's what that's what I'm doing so I
want to focus on the bulking phas I
wrote it down in my notepad make sure
when I do my mail plan those foods are
included by the way if you check out the
website lob.com we're going to have my
mail plan posted very shortly so check
it out anyway these are the food before
I go shopping these are the foods that I
actually try to focus on I don't want to
spend my money on a lot of junk problem
with grocery shopping is if you go out
there without a list or a game plan
you're going to end up spending more
than you were supposed to and you're
going to end up buying little things
that you don't need next thing you know
your cabinet is full of junk foods that
that stays there for weeks so and
especially if you're on the little
budget like me you want to make sure you
get every penni's worth So based on
these Foods I draw out my meal plan and
like I said I live on 7-Day cycle so I
only buy enough food to last me seven
days um well they're not in any specific
order I'm just going to read them out to
you number one like I said they're not
in any order I'm just nameing number one
a
you got to have your eggs number two
your nuts almonds cashews peanuts you
know whatever you got to have your nuts
I mean your healthy fats are must your
testosterone levels depend on them
number three fish salmon to be specific
um I really don't like the taste of
tilapia anymore even though it's
affordable I just don't like the taste
so salmon fish um yogurt you know should
be on most people's list uh beef if it
was in any if this list was in all the
beef would be at the top you know beef
uh should it's a natural your most
natural way to get creatine you know and
it's also you know it's great I made a
video on that uh olive oil right it's
number six seven water you got to load
up on Water I I got to have this every
day think about it guys your muscle
cells you're trying to get muscles your
muscle cells are made of what protein
and water you know mostly water and
protein
so um coffee you got to get your coffee
you need not just caffeine you know your
coffee you need your coffee in the
morning to speed up the fat burning
process in fact I haven't drank coffee
in in weeks and it's it's affecting me a
little bit I got to get back on my
coffee uh milk like I said if this list
was in order milk would be probably
number two or number one so you got to
get your milk your whole milk not skin
milk see the more processed something is
the more you losing key nutrients skin
milk you can't tell me that about taking
the fat out the milk is not it's not
going to lose something if you're going
to drink milk go for whole milk don't
get skin milk or 1% or 2% milk go you
either all the way in or you all the way
out don't get skin milk it's it's it's
not natural guys milk is supposed to
have fat in it
um meat I already mentioned that pasta
right you got to have your pasta if
you're barking you you need those carbs
and it's very low in fat so um now as
far as whole wheat I don't buy into that
whole whole wheat scheme guys I just eat
pasta right whatever tastes Right In
fact when you bulking eat my CS post
workout so I want my CS to digest fast
so I stay away from whole wheat stuff um
if you if you're leaning out then yeah
you know by all means peanut butter you
got to have your peanut butter you got
to have your um your rice your rice got
to be in your shopping list your
potatoes got to be in your shopping list
and obviously your bananas you know your
fruits you need your
antioxidants and bananas I you know have
a lot of I think that your zinc they
iron zinc so you need your bananas
um your oatmeal I'm done with oatmeal
two things I stopped eating is oatmeal
and chicken I've ate too much oatmeal
and too much chicken when I was on my
cutting face I don't want to see I don't
want to see chicken I don't want to see
oatmeal so but if you you know your case
go ahead and load up on your oatmeal and
your your chicken and that's about it I
think these are the most important you
know nutrients everybody should have in
the shopping list obviously there's a
lot more you know avocados and things
like that but I think these are the key
if you don't have these in your shopping
list you're definitely missing out
that's said let me leave you off with a
little um advice in fact I use this one
already like I said I write everything
down on my index cards I use this one
already but it Bears repeating your
scales determine your axis what do I
mean by that your skills and life
determine your access um depending on
what skill you have you have access to a
place that the person next to you
doesn't for example if you are like I
say if you if you're a doctor you know
you have access to places that are
that a mechanic you know doesn't have
access to if you're a mechanic you have
access to a place that a doctor doesn't
have access to your skills determine
that you know the the placees you have
access to in life so like I said life is
all about opportunities it's about which
doors are open right and which doors are
closed that you're going to open and
without without without your um your
skills an Open Door can quickly become a
closed door CU if an opportunity
presents yourself and you're not
prepared you don't have any skills how
you going to take advantage of that so
your skills determine your access every
everybody has their own talents
everybody has their own gifts so I
advise you to sharpen those gifts
sharpen those talents sharpen your
skills don't just it's a good thing to
try to learn new skills but it's also
more important to focus on the skills
you already have sharpen those tools and
you know goddamn life this one an
opportunity presents yourself you
already sharp and you're ready to just
embrace it your skills determine your
access the more skills you have
obviously the more access you know you
have you know the more doors are going
to open for example um I'm a math tutor
that gives me access to a a lot of jobs
a lot of places that I wouldn't have
unless I had you know that expertise in
math um bodybuilding even if you you
knowledgeable and bodybuilding that
gives you access to an open door that
somebody doesn't have access to so guys
write down on a piece of paper all the
skills that you currently have and I
encourage you to sharpen those skills
every day this where you could open more
doors in your life and if you don't have
a lot of skills I suggest that you add
more skills to your resume and um yeah
that's about it and for people that are
wear about me getting smaller guys don't
worry I know exactly what I'm doing I
appreciate the concern but just because
my abs are showing does not mean I'm
getting smaller I'm checking the mirror
and the scale in fact the leaner you are
the easier this to put on muscle Believe
It or Not uh yes fat is going to come in
but I'm going to monitor where the fat
goes as you can tell I'm the the games
are coming slowly you know they're
coming pretty slowly like I didn't go to
the gym today today's my off day so I'm
not I'm not getting as small as you
think I'm not I'm not [ __ ] huge but
I'm definitely not going to let my
muscle mass go away special in this book
but anyway guys dominate your
day face your head on Knock It To The
Ground put your foot on top of his chest
look at it dead in the eyes and say King
me
