hey guys what's up Megan
here finally the full body workout the
reunion workout me Marco big
Marco and the lazy Lon we haven't worked
out together in a long time because me
and Marco now work out at the weight
Club you know the hours are a lot more
convenient for us and then W Memorial
which is always closing and [ __ ] on
holidays and Matt still work side of w
Memorial he check so right we pretty
much started with like a little warm up
try to get the blood everywhere uh we
switched up our warmups me and Marco um
when we train together just so you know
night get board the the purpose is the
same just to get the blood and the
joints and look at the progress in Mar I
mean in maros not Marco [ __ ] mats
deltoid by the way I'm tired as [ __ ] man
um mad just left today was Sunday we
chilled all day he was playing The Last
of Us on the PS3 and we order pizza you
know to have a good cheat day since we
don't hang out as much because of the
baby in school and work and things like
that anyway back to what I was saying we
just warming up um pull up super with
dips pretty easy body weight stuff you
know get the blood and your joints and
your upper body for the pulling and
pushing we're going to be
done get our already so as you can see
I'm doing partial reps here no no need
to do full range of motion I say this
has nothing to do with hyper strength is
just a warm up so and even when I train
I'm big on postal rep
so [ __ ] the pH police all right
um yeah I'm doing my dips Matt made a
lot of progress and Mar as you guys can
see if you've been following us for a
long time Marco got huge to on these
full body workouts everybody made
progress on full body
workouts um all right next exercise I
mean not next first exercise we're going
to start with lags but people were hog
in the squad right another thing about
war memorial is there only like uh two
Squad RS another one is a Smith machine
and it's always being used about
somebody doing some random exercise we
decided to start with chess instead um
we start off with all the fast Twi Muses
first because they require the most
intensity and the most um energy really
the most power so we started with bench
um we warmed up obviously I I didn't
feel the need to recall the warm ups
going to be already pretty long
um pretty much what I have everybody
doing here is
uh it's a technique that me and do like
at the end of the week cuz we work out
every other day three times a week on
the last workout we always try to go for
strength gains and like try to really
shock the muscle and do some things you
know we never done before and we usually
use a lot of rest balls or drop sets or
Force balls I mean Force ws and things
like that today was rest BS and those
are really intense pretty much we pick a
weight you know that we could advance
probably eight 8 to 10 times and we get
to failure we just keep going you know
like you rest four five seconds Max you
just keep going until you can't even do
two reps when you can't do two reps you
do one rep and then that's it you're
done and that's that's it that's it for
chess um when we lifting lighter then we
probably do throw in flies or Cable
Crossovers and things like that but on
this day we didn't have time it was
three of us we had to hurry up plus I
had to record it which is a hassle cuz
it gets in the way we stuck to one
exercise per body part you know which is
you know really the main principle of
body right G is we pick the most
important exercise and we just for each
body boy we just we just Hammer that
[ __ ] you know um one week we'll do ball
Bell the other week we'll do dumbbell or
Hammer Hammer string so it depends Matt
got a lot by the way Matt is 135 you who
don't know he was 115 when we started
this he's 135 now gain 20 20 pounds and
put on minimum fat
um so it's a you know it's a great bulk
you know he's still bulking obviously
and his strength went up you know people
don't realize he's doing 135 right now
he is 135 he lifting his own body weight
uh somebody for his first year working
out you know what I mean I command them
you know I always
encourage it's it's it's it's an it's an
improvement even if it wasn't I know I
still push him you know it's not how
much you could do now it's how much you
could do compared to how where you
started it's all that matters
progress I tell people it's not how high
you are on the staircase you know it's
how far you are from the first step you
could apply that here so he's doing the
rest ball and you know it hurts you know
it's painful but he's still pushing
through
it and I know I told you guys that I I
hate benching I still do cuz that's
that's just how to gave me my most
injuries when I first started lifting
cuz I you know I was an idiot I care
about I wanted to bench the whole gym on
my first workout and [ __ ] so I used to
not warm up I just go straight to heavy
weights with back for and I have so many
shoulder injuries it's ridiculous thanks
to the bench press so I had stop
benching I moved move moved on to
dumbbell presses which G me a lot more
games but then I had to get back on
bench pressing CU I told you um a lot of
my Alpha rivals on YouTube have
ridiculously high
um um bench pressure so I figured you
know what let me just
see how much I could do on Ben PR then I
dump it again so it's pretty much just a
show put a statement out there but know
I started deadlifting because of us so
Le I could do is start doing his
favorite exercises bench pressing and
eventually I catch up to him just not a
prity right
now not trying to [ __ ] up my
shoulder anymore but I made some
improvement on the bench press I could
do 10 reps on 225 man which is like a
miracle for me cuz I said I hate the SE
I almost never do but if I do bench it's
probably Guillotine press you know you
you don't need a lot of weight for
that all right West bull [ __ ] kicks ass
man kicks
ass especially with with heavy weight
cuz your body goes on Survival M you
drop that [ __ ] you screwed I don't
advise everybody to do that with heavy
weight especially if you don't have a
spotter I have a spotter so I'm good if
you don't have a spotter don't even try
that [ __ ] especially not the bench
press those last reps
painful Dam these videos like 20 minute
long man I don't feel like commenting
all that [ __ ] but likeu
it gives me a chance to look at the
footage
again I'm so tired it's 11:50 got to be
at work tomorrow I wonder what y'all
doing right now is Y watching the video
what are y'all
doing M I'm listening man hope y didn't
just finish a fapping session some
[ __ ] that be kind of awkward finish
fapping and watch me videos anyway it's
Marco's
time big ass [ __ ] see it's
always good to work out with somebody
bigger than you you know cuz it it
motivates you especially if you got that
Alpha Gene where you always want to be
the best you always want to be better
you know it it helps to work out with
somebody bigger than you cuz me I don't
know I don't care how much you my friend
how much I love you you stronger than me
you my rival from day one you know now
my enemy and [ __ ] but you my rival you
know it's my job to [ __ ] leave you in
the dust and then pick you back up so I
like that you know we we we push each
other Matt trying to catch up um to my
strength uh I'm trying to catch up to
Marco's strength um and it's ridiculous
m is 260 look at this [ __ ] it's 260 I'm
190 I saw the video at 195 I believe
Matt is 135 so pound for pound Matt is
probably the strongest out of all of it
because for what what he's LIF in for is
for his weight it's impressive he's 135
guys y don't understand what 135 is but
he has the C of a [ __ ]
line one I like about him you push him
or he'll he'll go he just needs that
push sometimes Know believe in himself
that's the only thing I reproach him you
know I don't think he believes in
himself enough he believes in himself
you know more than when I first met him
but I still think he need to more
himself push himself more and more and
more and more and more you know
see the potential in a lot of people I
train with and
boy come on
Marco come on
Marco Marco made so many games as we
started training wish I could show you
guys the before and after before he was
skeptical about the full body workouts
he was like ah I don't know I've been
doing SP for over 5 years and I was like
yeah B was the last time you saw you saw
significant games he go okay you got a
point he started doing full body
workouts it's been three months now his
shoulders blew up his his arms blew up
he's try to to suck ass now he try to
like pokeing out and [ __ ] so we still
making games manbody
workout they shock your body in a way
that other that splits just don't you
know I mean think about it you know you
go to the gym and you do chest and
triceps so you probably do bench press
dumbbell press whatever flies pull down
there you have another guy who goes to
the gym and does bench squats dead lifts
overhead press bent over roll chin ups
and he goes home and eats like a tank oh
I mean it's Common Sense man you think's
going to
happen the intensity is higher the the
the volume is not as much but the
intensity is definitely there and the
volume is being replaced by the
frequency three times a week you train
each body part three times a week as
opposed to once or twice a week so we
doing chest back arms legs three times a
week that's protein
sentences three times a [ __ ] week but
anyway enough about full body work guys
I made videos on going into more details
but do what works for you you
know you can still grow on splits
obviously everybody everybody else
doesn't but don't knock something until
you try it the funny thing is I used to
do full body workouts then I I put on
like 30 pounds on them then I stopped
went back to splits
I was stuck I made like two pound gains
and I went back on full by workast and I
added the other 10 pounds it was
ridiculous I was like I'm not going back
this place unless
like um I absolutely have to improve a
lagging
body big
Marco I remember the first time we did
full body workouts with Marco oh he was
so dead he was so dead he he was so not
used to it for people that do splits a
lot when you first him do full body
workouts that hard that hard can't take
it cuz it's also cardio I me if think
about it and the first time he was like
man what the [ __ ] is this he was sold
for days but after a while you know his
body adapted and the game followed you
know which is the whole point you know
people say I don't want to do it cuz I'm
Soul weak of course you're Soul
weak putting your body through a stress
that's never been into obviously after
you sleep and recover you know the sess
goes away and um your body grows you
know it's a proof of adaptation if your
body
grows you going to move off five plates
son of a b b good luck used to love
these I still do but I don't do it as
much as I used
to Reon why I stop doing a lot because
of the range of motion then I like
partial rep sometimes I like uh going
all the way up and it it limits
me but it's still a great exercise still
love
it especially cuz ly so can't go one
with that right
as you can tell we were just elego
lifting that day you know trying to be
intense trying to lift heavy
andit how many places I can't my glasses
on I think five only five I get up to
six or seven one
day this sh heavy as [ __ ] my fa arms was
so the day after
that I'm using a lot of legs lot of
momentum cuz like I said we just go
lifting trying to shock that
muscle we had a two-day break after that
so I was like you know what we're not
going to meet again so let's just go all
out all
out obviously I'm standing a little bit
more ight I explain to you guys why the
more upright you stand the more traps
you
target all right done we're back usually
we'll do a pulling movement and a rooll
movement for back but that day like I
said we didn't have time you know got to
get the [ __ ] out of there here we're
doing biceps uh uh starting off the 21
seven at the bottom seven at the top and
then seven full
range just warm up the
biceps actually a little bit one from
the t r but it's just another rou
team after that we moved on to uh
triceps I recorded Matt and everybody on
Matt's i itou iPhone whatever is so I'm
sad I don't have the footage in here
when he did his
biceps but you can check it out on his
channel yeah we doing some tries one of
my favorite exercise for
triceps my my arm looks I'm not going to
lie guys my my arm grew my arm used to
be skinny as [ __ ] man I made some games
on on them full workout my arms got a
lot bigger if you look at my old videos
oh my God my is so
disgusting and um it's all about triceps
you want your arm to get big biceps of
course but triceps get those triceps to
grow BL some
[ __ ] here we doing our our famous Megan
Omega set I call it the Omega set cuz we
do like it's a giant set of four
different shoulder exercises and that
counts as one set we do three sets of
that so we start off with C side
laterals obviously I do my side
differently than most people uh cuz said
my shoulders hurt cuz my shoulder
injuries and I also feel I also feel a
better pump when I bend my out a little
bit we do c the side laterals and we um
go right straight to uh overhead
press this is warm up obviously so you
want to use light weights and then the
third exercise is either upright rows or
front raises in this case we did upright
rows couldn't do front raises um cuz the
ball Bell the easy ball was being used
not to do with the dumbbells so upright
arrows and then we finish off with bend
over laterals and that's one set that
[ __ ] burns when you start increasing the
weight you start slowing down your form
and [ __ ] oh my
God that [ __ ] Burns
man but yeah shoulders I always told you
guys shoulders are slow Twist from most
survivors they require a lot of tension
in order to grow a lot of
tension I to live heavy heavy heavy for
shoulders didn't go
anywhere then it start grow until I
started you know increasing the time on
the
attention all right B over laterals I
use the same Principle as the CED
laterals i b my elbows so I can feel in
he go
M good form slow and control control on
the way up control on the way down very
little
momentum his elbow should be a lot
lower uh but you know as long as he feel
good that's all that matter
right now people make the mistake to
bring their hands above their elbow like
I said if you feel it you it's all good
what works for
you look the M deltoid man he's so lean
man that's the good thing about eamor
keep telling you if you're eamor you're
the luckiest after mesor obviously
you're the luckiest out of um out of all
three types now I have to mess them off
because all you got to do is put on
muscle put on mask gain weight you don't
really have to worry about putting on
too much
fat endom offs and Ecto endom offs like
my ass with the skinny fat yeah we got
the hardest we can't buk or cut we can't
cut cuz we got skinny limbs right and we
can't we can't uh we can't buk no we
can't cut yeah we can't cut cuz we have
skinny LS and we can't bu cuz we have a
big gut so it's [ __ ]
ridiculous that's so I people wonder I'm
always switch and [ __ ]
up it's it's it's for this reason we
know uh my bodies are really complicated
skin
F oh you [ __ ] huge look at M oh man
if it's your first time watching this
video or you never seen Matt when we
first met you got to go look at it man
Matt was skinny pce some [ __ ]
man but like I say if you got
hard sooner or later y' your um physical
body will match what's
inside and matter the prime example of
that
all right we finished that I hit traps
[ __ ] ass Marco and [ __ ] ass um Matt
don't have to hit traps they have humous
traps they should play football so you
know that explains a
lot um usually I don't do this for traps
I usually do clean pools or like uh some
other [ __ ] but today I was like hey let
me try some hany stri I do this really
rarely cuz uh you know they're not all
that great to be honest with
you yep they only work my mid traps and
I'm up TRS but that's what I had energy
for and at the end like I always told
you guys uh we usually squat at the
beginning but most of the time most of
the time we squat at the end when we are
when we weak and depleted and tired as
[ __ ] that's when I decided to squat MCO
doesn't Squat and I train with him so
that's sad he doesn't squat cuz he has a
back ly I Squad cuz you know I have
chicken EGS so my back feels good now so
you know it's time for me to inrease my
squad I'm finally up to three
plays guys this is much harder than the
list like I said mind you you guys watch
most of the videos I uploaded some of
the videos but we did so much at this
time this was two hours and something
minutes into the
workout no pre-workout no nothing I
don't take pre-workouts anymore
I and that's when I decid to heavy Squad
and heavy de every time I do do squat
andad at the end uh and I explain
why is uh if you able to squat and
deadlift heavy when you
tired I [ __ ] up on this deadlift I for
got a good CH my PS with M anyway if
you're able to to squat heavy and Del
when you tired and drain and and
whatever not only you tame your mind cuz
you learn to cuz Your Mind Is Telling
You Hell your mind is telling you go
home it's been two hours you tired go
home and you got to number one defeat
your mind then you got to tame your body
into getting those last reps in and boy
I'm telling you try it it's a test of
your courage it's a test of your
strength it's a test of just your
manliness and everything you know so to
me that's the best time of heavy deily
for Squad is at the end but um and if
you do do it at the end when you finally
do it in the beginning of your workout
oh my God your stren it's like almost
double but anyway that's my theory it's
kind of like Goku training in a in a
hyic Time Chamber with the gravity like
a lot harder if you could train with
high gravity and then you come back on
Earth you know you fast as [ __ ] right
you're stronger so it's the same
principle if you could do all these
movements when you're tired try doing
them you know try doing them when you
fresh you notice a big
difference here it was time to leave but
everybody you know wanted to see if I
could still do 405 cuz it's been a while
since I went above
315 and yeah I still had it in me yeah
that's it guys that was the workout
sorry I couldn't upload all the videos
that were going to be like 40 minute
long but
um that's it for now stay tuned for the
the next reunion workout we'll try to
schedule one very soon all right guys
peace
out
