five best causal body Buddha's or
anybody's trying to put on muscle really
training whatever and again I've
compiled the less space I was using
decision matrix right I always rank
things based on the situation this way
there's no it's not subjective and you
assign a way to every factor and some of
the criteria that I've used is obviously
nutrient density that was like the
higher strength criteria you know
nutrient density because a lot of us are
[ __ ] deficient in vitamins and
minerals so you know the the most
condensed into one food the better
second thing was obviously availability
I'm on a mission a car something you
have to go to [ __ ] Peru and [ __ ] to
speak up I put in price
you know effects on hormone the hormone
levels and things like that and when you
compile it in Excel this is the top five
so I'm just gonna list them not in a
specific order
in fact yeah I'm just the first one is
gonna be obviously the big king the
champion or the one that had the highest
ranking and everything else we put in
any order so number one is obviously
beans I've mentioned this for years
beans is by far the best carb source in
terms of getting the the most you know
the most bang for your buck I mean not
only getting the the protein you know it
has fiber the the mineral survivors and
things like that beings obviously you
know Kings money I'm not mentioning I'm
saying cause obviously fiber have scars
fruits of course I'm talking about you
know non for non fiber non-food sources
you know many like starch anything like
that so anyway beans number one number
two you have again after Milan after
them I want to start in any specific
order right so you have obviously - see
potatoes potatoes are you know have to
be up there on your list
dancing a lot of nutrients next up is
you have sweet potatoes no yams
gotta pursue potatoes in there and
number four you have oatmeal when I did
some when I did the research I was
actually surprised of how much stuff Old
Mill had you know so Old Mill is up
there and for the last one is now that
one again
this is strictly science full of okinawa
because i have no personal I actually
never ate this [ __ ] but I have to be
objective I can't just pick you know
whatever I ate or whatever I experienced
cuz we all different but surprisingly in
Africa Noah was very very harmless so
beans potatoes sweet potatoes oatmeal
and canola and I was surprised that rice
was on the top 5 because I [ __ ] love
me some rice man I love rice but rice
was not on the top 5 now you know again
this is based on the criteria that I've
used if you use different criteria you
might get different results but again
it's based on number one nutrient
density and then everything else in
terms of how easy it is to find people
that are gluten sensitive things like
that you know those top 5 sauce is also
a gluten free just in case you're
probably googling like myself so yeah I
hope these guys you know this video
helps mind you this is not the top five
cars for carb backloading that's
completely different I know cuz we call
backloading you know you just want some
high glycemic gas cards so that's a
whole different topic for a different
video this is just overall alright hope
this helps comment below post your
questions for the next video help each
other out in the comment section if you
new subscribe if you [ __ ] seen 3d
don't forget to like the video I'm out
you
