all right guys little boy just start
shopping we just finished at Walmart we
got the stuff that's the cheapest at
Walmart we got it at Walmart and now we
at krro to get the things that are the
cheapest at
kroer you big as [ __ ] man all right guys
just got back from the biggest grocery
shopping
ever time to get lean and keep as much
muscle as possible okay we went to if
you guys see the videos before this one
we went to Walmart to get the stuff
that's cheapest at Walmart and then
kruer get the things that you know got
to get the most for your money
guys ah it's a lot of [ __ ]
food that's it I'm done with junk
food talking has been over this is week
uh I think it's week five or week six I
think it's week six of my diet the start
of my diet so if you guys are wondering
why um I'm a lot more serious about my
diet now than before because once again
the first the first six weeks I was just
focusing on you know getting my mindset
into the cutting mindset it's very hard
to go in the buff for as long as I did
and decide to cut right away you got to
transition into it so the first 6 weeks
I started doing thing little by little
more sprinting more jump rope more
healthy eating you know you want to
slowly go from the fat ass side to the
lean side and now I'm officially ready
mentally and physically I people start
cutting without having the mental
preparation if you have the mental
you're not ready mentally you're going
to start too early guys you're going to
quit and it's going to be horrible
you're going you're going to start
feeling bad about yourself and that's
going to make it harder for you to
bounce back up so anyway so week six now
I'm going on a super super super healthy
diet obviously it's going to cost me a
lot more money cuz once again you try to
eat healthy in America I'm going to be
half
broke uh I'm going to go through a quick
breakdown there's a lot of stuff here
guys mostly anti-estrogenic stuff uh
testosterone boosting stuff you know all
the basics
and we try to stay away from a lot of
process
[ __ ] so here you
go here we got beats oh you bought it
yeah I didn't get the peg it though we
got beats
guys I'm going to make a whole video
explain to you guys what each each
specific food does but um I didn't
memorize everything off the top of my
head we got
Beach got some
Tomatoes
avocado [ __ ] that smell
oh tomatoes tomato
fed all right we got Tomatoes not not
going to explain why why I need tomatoes
guys basic [ __ ] avocados you guys
already know really good for testos lav
healthy fats vitamins a lot of good
[ __ ] banana can't go wrong with bananas
guys you going to see a lot of fruits
and veggies basic [ __ ] guys basic
[ __ ]
over here now wow this is the MVP of of
the um all the fiber I bought another
another focus on my diet is not only
anti exogenic Foods liver detoxifying
Foods aromati inhibiting Foods testost
boosting foods and obviously fiber and
this guy right here all brand original
has uh check this side guys 10 G of
fiber per serving the serving size is
half a c this expensive I don't nor many
B like that but guys half a cup has 30
where is it where is it 23 g of carbs
only 6 g of sugar which is not that bad
you'll buy g of sugar you know not that
bad 10 G of fiber you can't beat that so
one cup has 20 G of fiber guys buy this
I got my
fiber once again the goal of this BT is
to lose fiber maintain as much muscle as
possible uh zero calorie sweetener I
have to take this guys CU you guys know
I completely hate uh um
I hate Bland tasting food guys like
oatmeal and [ __ ] like that so the only
way I could eat is if I make it taste a
little sweet you know being fat as a kid
made me condition me to love sugar and I
love sugar I'm very addicted to Sugar so
I know there's a lot of bad bad
chemicals people say oh sweeteners are
bad blah blah blah but it's better than
nothing right you want to make your diet
easy don't make your diet too hard on
yourself so I'm going to eat healthy
food that tastes like [ __ ] but but with
zero calories sweet in them if I get
canc all [ __ ] well all right uh
somebody that's is going to take a
little time right here you get lemon 1 2
3 4 5 6 7 a lot of these items I bought
seven seven bananas seven Tomatoes seven
avocados I got more down there why
because I bought enough to last me a
week and after a week I'm going to look
at my list and see what I really need
what I really don't need what I can
combine so I'm just trying to eat at
least one a day right when you start a
diet don't jump into oh I'm going to eat
a whole bunch of firei one day no ease
into it guys so your body doesn't burn
out and get tired um your your mind I
mean so one lemon a day cuz I can't do
you know more than one one lemon a day
one banana a day one tomato a day one
avocado A Day No one step at a time I
got me some honey now only leave some
natural sauce of sugar for my
post-workout stuff post workout shake
and things like that but it also has
chrys in a little bit of chrys you want
a very powerful uh aromatized Inhibitors
guys to lower your Exogen so um prop
enzymes you guys know me always got to
have your enzymes always especially
papaya papaya or pineapple enzymes
Broman and once again this is the
actually the only supplement that I
bought today shopping I try to get
everything from foods but you can't go
wrong with um supplemental enzymes you
just can't cuz the amount of protein you
eat as a bodybuilder a lot of it doesn't
get digested and you know it because you
have loose stools you fart all day all
these symptoms of undigested protein you
got to get your enzy guys so I'm still
going to eat froods you know keepy weeds
has a lot of enzymes pineapple papaya
but you want to be safe the last thing
you want as a bodybuilder is your prot
be wasted that's the last thing you want
and when you're cutting when you're
losing fat you want to increase your
protein obviously right cuz you're
cutting your calories dramatically you
want to increase your protein keep
protein sentences High keep your loc and
in take
highe you got to make sure you're
digesting all of the
protein as well as well as your fiber
your proba going to help with that all
right here I got baby wipes for my ass
I'm just playing that's for the baby
oysters I had to buy the cheap ones cuz
they're too [ __ ] expensive guys
probably the only canned [ __ ] that I got
oyer is very high in zinc very high in
this stuff boosting
[ __ ] got me some soy sauce I forgot why
I got that as much as I try to stay away
from soy soy has a very very very good
uh forgot what it is I got the whole
list on my computer I'll show it to you
guys we researched all those foods and
we bought the best of the best red bell
peppers
if you got any questions comment below I
I'll make separate videos exp caining
our food SE took us two weeks two
[ __ ] weeks to finally realize which
foods we're going to get the most out
of all right got some green
tea it has has a little bit of caffeine
and also has a lot of stuff to help
clean out your system Li DET we got
lenos excellent source of uh fiber
protein and C you guys know we really
really big on beans from that first
first L buy musle video by my uncle uh
one serving of beans which is a/4 of a
cup has 10 g of protein and 11 G of
fiber in a/4 of a cup 11 G of
fiber and obviously zero sugars no two g
of sugar 20 G of C really good a lot of
vitamins too L is very very healthy
brown rice needs no
introduction almonds stacked stacked
with with um vitamins look vitamin B's a
little bit of vitamin B3 uh healthy fat
mainly the I got this not only for the
the vitamins on that [ __ ] for testone
levels you got to get your healthy fats
in Cashew same reason why I got the
almonds mix nuts cuz we couldn't find W
nuts until later so we had to get this
what I'm going to do is I'm going to try
to mix them up all together in the bowl
and put a bunch of berries and fruits in
is real good walnuts FS are really
expensive in America guys it's funny
that actually a lot of them come from my
country my dad's country been in and the
dirt cheap over there we got dried
raisins I forgot what they good for they
good for some [ __ ] like I said long list
we we organize everything for like all
the categories spices we got kuming
that's how you pronounce it cuming
cuming
Kum it looks like coming we got some
cuming right it looks like uh and I
explain why I'm going to make SE the
reason for these garlic
powder Miss DH seasoning to make my
broccoli KCK cuz I hate broccoli but
it's such a good estrogen fighting
food all
right up here like John what you going
to eat as far as carbs I'm still going
to eat the same same [ __ ] guys car back
but for the next 10 days I'm going to
try to like fix my insulin resistance
cuz I've been I've been eating too much
sugar I'm going to cut it down I'm going
to take a break from car for just about
10 days and eat some complex scbs uh to
kind of give my body you know uh 10 days
without insulin spikes I get insulin
spikes every day every day guys every
[ __ ] day I'm give my body a break the
chance to reset so I got me seven sweet
potatoes once again seven show you guys
why one a day I'm going to make that
with eggs I got a lot of good dishes
with sweet
potatoes more sweet potatoes got onions
right can't go wrong with
onions spice up your
[Music]
[ __ ] plus I have a lot of good uh let's
see they fight something garlic right
you got to have your
garlic all these nutrients play key role
in the fight against
estrogen and produ some testosterone
there you go red grapes red grips the
reason why red wine is so good for even
cancer patients guys because uh they
tell women a lot of the a lot of the
estrogen fighting stuff I got a lot of
my information from from ker research
website cuz I know they're serious not
trying to sell too much [ __ ] and
they're actually trying to save lives so
a lot of stuff that limit um estrogen
fight aromatase I would made a video
about that and the skin of red grapes is
really what wine gets res veratrol from
res veratrol is a very powerful
aromatase inhibitor so we got red
grapes
strawberries need no introduction
raspberries all some [ __ ] I don't
know I don't remember guys this we LIF
up so much every way possible to
increase the KE levels every way
possible we picked the best food the
MVPs 100% extra virgin olive oil H are
talking me to get in this big ass one
cuz it actually makes sense the small
bottle uh I have to refill it like
probably you know buy a new one every I
don't probably every two three weeks
every month this one's going to last a
lot longer I don't want to get it cuz
it's 20 [ __ ] dollars guys which just
[ __ ] oil but we need it so much the
reason why the Mediterranean diet is so
good is because of the olive oil they
eat oh [ __ ] 11 minutes God damn
chill all right speed it up got me some
kale one of the one of the healthiest
things you can eat guys in the fight
against um Aroma taste and estrogen and
belly fat is broccoli kale and spinach
and cabbage you cannot go the top two
broccoli and kale top two and number
three is spinach you know has a lot of
benefits as far as fighting estrogen is
broccol kale brussel sprouts cabbage all
the crucifers cauliflower so I can't eat
a lot of broccoli I hate that [ __ ]
[ __ ] hate it but ke I can eat
so [ __ ] right
there got the spinach the best veggie
sauce and fiber sauce for any
bodybuilder spinach so many vitamins a
lot of vitamin K which is also been
proven to Black estrogen
receptors which in you know in
finally the broccoli taking this [ __ ]
out how beautiful H loves broccoli I
just can't
F
[ __ ] except unless you're getting from
Chinese food in Chinese food anything
tastes
good all right
uh God I bought a lot of [ __ ]
man cabbage once again to fight against
estrogen okay no [ __ ] room yes there
is
all right what's
this oh yeah oranges I got my
kiwis you guys know L buger stay with
his
kiwis oranges lot of citrus a lot of
vitamin C which is great stuff to fight
Aroma and estrogen avocado they had a
special about five of them for 250
really really good
deal in America one avocad like a doll
do25 I got green
onions
more bell
peppers I got salmon one of the
healthiest sources of uh Omega-3s guys
protein Omega-3s you know what I'm
saying yeah yeah I still buy fish shs
but I like getting my stuff from um from
Whole Sal right so so two bars of one
stone guys get you your
salmon next up is the beef a lot of
protein the best protein sauce I've been
telling you guys from day one you cannot
go wrong with beef it has Lucine it has
LR it has [ __ ] um lartin it has toine
beef is just unbeatable guys I I I know
has a bad rep about cholesterol and
saturated fast but you need saturated
fast you need cholesterol for healthy
testosterone levels guys the Greeks have
been eating this for ages every
civilization Under the Sun has been
eating beef to get people swore weight
lifter all that [ __ ] chicken gizzards
yes liver chicken liver chicken hugs a
lot of good nutrients a lot of
vitamins I mean your liver guys your
liver is one of the most important
organs in the human body as far as detox
so it's no coincidence that animal liver
also has a lot of
nut what else we
got got more beef loading up on beef
guys oh this is pork actually uh damn
that was $10 I thought it was five
anyway we got
por pork rib n that's $7 chill oh okay
oh yeah yeah okay $7 you save three okay
I'm buy something that cost $10 [ __ ] out
of here all right uh Choice beef round I
of round steak right 368 is it still
playing stop up it's still playing all
right cool cool cool more beef 15
minutes though beef is so expensive guys
beef is so expensive in America and that
tells you why I said handang guys
whatever is expensive is usually what's
good for you not all the time but most
of the
time what we got in yeah the B I think
that's it right got everything did you
buy red B I bought one oh something
smells mad is that a
chicken oh oh this shit's cooking oh
yeah I know something smell yeah smells
mad good God this [ __ ] I cook I think it
was few days
ago what did you put in there man I got
I got I got to sit down and
remember smell sugar spinach and chicken
oh it's that chicken I made a Facebook
post all right guys just like I
predicted a video stop but um thank God
we done so that's all the food I got
came out to almost $200 that's a lot of
[ __ ] money but I'm not going to spend
that same [ __ ] every week a lot of this
stuff is going to last a lot longer and
I forgot to show you the the eggs
obviously so comment below um what want
a video on the testosterone Foods the
estrogen lowering Foods whatever just
holl at me I'll make more videos about
um [ __ ] B density training and then the
me plan and stuff like that all right
stay tuned guys I'm out thanks for the
feedback what's going on guys Megan here
heading out to Walmart where Hans ready
to go grocery shopping hope you guys had
a good
Thanksgiving we pretty much spent um
