and it's so crucial to understand this
because if you don't understand the
effect that your genetic polymorphism
have on your dopamine and all these
things you're always going to think that
you're a failure or you're going to
think that
hey that's going on big in here all
right quick follow-up to the warrior
versus warrior video make sure you watch
that one first where i cover the basics
or you're not gonna understand this one
right because i'm gonna try to go
straight into the sign straight into the
the nerdy stuff right so the main
question from the previous one was why
is this such a huge difference in
behavior between those that have the
warrior gene which again
is the g allele of the c-o-m-t
polymorphism to be specific rs-4680 so
people that have the g allele meaning
the warrior gene scientists calling that
the warrior gene and obviously people
that have the a allele of the rs-4680
polymorphism right of comg catechol or
methyltransferase so these guys are the
quote-unquote warriors and these guys
are the warriors and the main question
is what's happening at the fundamental
level what's happening at the genetic
level what's happening in the brain why
is it such a huge difference in behavior
between the two now keep in mind there's
no bad or good version right everything
has its pros and cons right for example
you guys remember people with the
warrior gene under normal conditions
they are trash right under normal
conditions when there's no stress people
with the warrior gene are trash right
they're very lazy you have a hard time
being motivated have a hard time getting
[ __ ] done right they have a hard time
learning they have a hard time focusing
they have a whole time paying attention
pretty much adhd symptoms right and
obviously there are master
procrastinators right they wait till the
last minute to do everything so usually
gaming playing wasting time you know and
then you know they pretty much wait till
the last they're very unreliable right
but under stressful conditions meaning
deadline is approaching or
uh all hell is about to break loose then
that's when they come alive right
they're paying pain tolerance goes down
their motivation goes up uh they pretty
much become super saiyan under stress
right so they're extremely unreliable
under normal quiet peaceful conditions
but they become absolute monsters under
stressful conditions which is why i say
there's no good or bad gene it just
depends on the environment depends on
the situation whereas the people that
are called the warriors right at first
they're like oh my god that's so bad no
it's not bad because under normal
conditions you guys are the [ __ ]
kings right these are the guys who get
[ __ ] done under normal condition when
there's no stress there's no deadline
you know uh there's no pricing concerns
they're on point they're on time they're
on schedule they're they're running
things everything's
running smoothly with these guys right
so they have an advantage with
motivation they have an advantage in
learning and attention and they do not
procrastinate right they're about their
business they're on point right always
on time getting [ __ ] done
but under stressful conditions so when
the deadline approaches or when all hell
breaks loose so there's chaos that's
when they break down right that's what's
called the warrior w-o-o-r right now
warrior warriors because under stressful
conditions
they break down the anxiety goes through
the roof they can't focus you know they
literally break down under stress right
so that's what i'm saying there's no
good or bad version it depends on
whether we're under normal conditions or
stressful conditions right if you're
under normal conditions meaning whether
it's an organization or it's a school
assignment a group project right you
want to be with these guys right because
they're going to get [ __ ] done right
they're going to run the company they're
going to take care of the
of of the
of the group they're going to be the
master administrators
so you want to be with these guys when
things are normal but when things get
stressful right when things are normal
these guys are trash right they're going
to be late
they're going to have no motivation
they're going to procrastinate but when
the deadline approaches when it's the
last minute or when the company's
failing and i mean everything is going
to hell that's when you want to rely on
these guys and not these guys so it
always depends you know stop you know
bragging or being sad about what version
you inherited from your parents now
let's answer the question why what's
happening in the brain what's going on
here you know why is it that uh there's
such a drastic difference in performance
first let's go back to dopamine you guys
know that's one of my trinity right one
of the top three most beloved molecules
in the human body one of the top three
molecules that i've studied for over a
decade dopamine myostatin testosterone
so dopamine is part of the top three
right now if you've been watching my
videos for the last 10 years you already
know what dopamine does because i don't
shut up about it but number one let's
reduce it to the top three things that
helps with motivation all right the
motivation to seek pleasure
is responsible for your ability to it
helps you learn helps you process
information and obviously helps you
focus right because remember double mean
converse to noradrenaline right in
america no epinephrine right and that
obviously converts to adrenaline or
epinephrine right so dopamine plays a
role in many many pathways in the body
even after it gets converted right but
we're gonna focus on the top three
things right there's a lot of different
roles but watch the dopamine video that
i did you several years ago if you want
details but we're going to focus on
these top three motivation
to seek pleasure of course learning and
focus now the problem with dopamine and
catecholamines which is norepinephrine
and epinephrine or again if you know uk
adrenaline and adrenaline is that it
follows this inverted u curve right so
if you graph it with performance on the
left and obviously you know the amount
of caterpillar means
at the bottom here right when dopamine
is too low your performance is trash
your motivation is going to be trash
your ability to focus is going to be
trash your ability to learn is going to
be trash when dopamine is
too high same thing right your
performance is going to be low
your ability to focus is going to be low
your motivation
is going to take a hit right so dopamine
is optimal when it's up here right you
want dopamine and the catecholamines
right to be
high but not too high right keep that in
mind you want it to be high but not too
high because it has an inverted u-curve
effect as it rises so does your
motivation so that's your ability to
learn so there's your ability to focus
so there's your energy blah blah blah
right but when it gets too high
the opposite takes place now what does
that have to do with the warrior warrior
gene people that have the warrior
version right they start off with high
dopamine levels at baseline right people
to have the warrior which is the a
lucky as hell under normal conditions
they have high dopamine so they have
high motivation they're they're alert
they're able to focus able to get [ __ ]
done under normal conditions right so
they already start off up here right
peak performance [ __ ] they
don't need drugs to get up there they
don't need you know too much stress to
get up there this is their baseline
state right mainly because the comt
enzyme is not working well co mt
catechol methyl transferase that's the
enzyme that breaks down dopamine and
catecholamines in the brain so that you
obviously you're a homeostasis so you
don't have too much of it right so they
have a mutation where the compt enzyme
is not working as well meaning it's not
breaking down dopamine as well which is
why they have high dopamine levels at
baseline right the mutation is a is a
change in a genetic code that puts a
methionine instead of a valine but again
without going into the nerdy details
just know that they have impaired comt
function which leads to impaired
breakdown of catecholamines which leads
to high levels of catecholamines right a
baseline right so far so good stay with
me here but now when there's stress when
there's an approaching deadline or when
all hell is about to break loose
guys remember when it's stress what goes
up dopamine goes up because your body
needs to make no adrenaline and
adrenaline so your body needs to
obviously make more dopamine so that can
get converted to noradrenaline and
adrenaline so when stress enters the
chat dead dopamine levels which are
already high become too high
right because that's one of the side
effects of stress stress increases your
catecholamines right so when it's
stressed that catecholamine levels go
too high and it puts them into this
territory so that performance suffers
right because this is low performance
high performance right so stress puts
them here that's why it's called the
warrior gene when they're stressed they
have anxiety and have a hard time
getting [ __ ] done right and because they
have that that [ __ ] version of the comt
enzyme right the mutated version the
enzyme is not good at reducing the
stress levels in time to bring them back
up here so the result on the stress on
the high catecholamines they break down
now if you look at the warrior
[ __ ] right the guys that have
the gl the other guys who are naturally
lazy and blah blah you know wait till
last minute at baseline they're right
here the dopamine levels are too low
because they have the working version of
comt the one that works really well the
one that breaks down dopamine
extremely well so on the baseline
conditions on the normal conditions that
don't have enough dopamine in the brain
so low motivation very hard to focus
very hard to pay attention
very hard to you know get motivated to
do [ __ ] but when stress enters the chat
such as an approaching deadline
uh such as again all hell breaking loose
panic chaos guess what happens
the catecholamines level go up dopamine
goes up no adrenaline goes up adrenaline
goes up and it puts them into this
territory
right that's why it's called the
warrior gene because under stress their
dopamine levels
bring them into the high performance
range whereas the previous [ __ ]
they were already into the high
performance range so the stress brought
them down here right it increased their
catecholamines too much whereas these
guys the warriors they were down here to
begin with
low dopamine levels so they needed the
stress to go into the high performance
range which is exactly why
they're subconsciously you know not on
purpose wait till the last minute to do
everything that's the reason why if an
assignment is doing three weeks there's
no way to get started until like the
night before like you know a few days
before which is why they have to be
somewhere at 4pm and i know it takes 20
minutes to get there they wait till like
[ __ ] 350 or 355 to start getting
ready it takes deadlines it takes stress
it takes pressure to make these guys
perform and it's so crucial to
understand this because if you don't
understand the effect that your genetic
polymorphism have on your dopamine and
all these things you're always going to
think that you're a failure or you're
going to think that uh there's something
inherently wrong with you or people just
going to be like oh maybe it's just adhd
whatever no it's [ __ ] a dopamine
issue right and that's also why these
guys need so much caffeine or you know
that's why they get prescribed adderall
you know which i don't recommend because
it's pretty much [ __ ] meth right
right that's why these guys go on drugs
and stimulants or whatever because it
increases their catecholamine levels and
puts them up here whereas the guys that
are already up here if you give them
catecholamines if you give them anything
that increases dopamine or adrenaline
you know such as adderall cocaine or
whatever
it's the complete opposite right they're
gonna have extremely high anxiety but
long story short i hope that answers the
question guys that's the main reason why
you have this huge difference between
warrior and warrior and why they need to
be on the different states and different
conditions in order to reach their
maximum potential right if you're
interested i could make another video
about how to manage your life better if
you gg or if you a or if you're in the
middle but for now this is the main
takeaway hope this video helps don't
forget to join the reddit where we have
more of these conversations and see you
guys in the comment section all right
guys don't forget to like or share the
video subscribe and hit the bell and buy
my hsp nucleus of a little training
program it's the ultimate program for
maximum muscle growth it includes full
body workout splits bro splits push pull
home workouts you name it also comes
with a complete guide for macros
nutrition fat loss muscle growth
hormones including a meal plan it's
pretty much all my 16 years of
experience
condensed into one [ __ ] book you're
also going to get free copies of any
future edition so visit team3d alpha.com
and you can use the 40 off coupon code
nucleus overlord or you could just buy
this [ __ ] at full price alright guys i'm
out of here
