hey guys going on Megan here 20 proven
ways to reduce muscle sess and recover
faster from workouts based on science
and over 20 years of experience let's go
sleeping at least 8 to 10 hours a day
that's obviously mandatory there is no
debate about it guys if you don't get
enough sleep every single pathway
involved in recovery is going to suffer
your testosterone is going to suffer
your insulin sensitivity is going to
suffer it's going to take a long time to
recover from muscle damage your cortisol
is going to be upregulated your thyroid
function is going to suffer so that's
low T3 High reverse T3 I could go on and
on sleep comes first next eating enough
carbs a high carb diet I'm going to put
that in crucial it's not mandatory to
recover but it is definitely crucial
guys you got to replenish those glycogen
stores immediately after training
especially if you plan to train the next
day or in the upcoming two days remember
guys after training right after training
there's the 2hour window where glycogen
replenishment is maximized in terms of
the speed of replenishment after that
you still replenish glycogen but not as
fast as in that first 2hour window ton
of studies on this so make sure you not
only eat a post-workout male high in
carbs after training but you also want
to make sure you eat a high carb diet
overall next getting your Healthy fat so
that includes your monounsaturated fats
your saturated fats your Omega-3s that
is mandatory that's one of the most
underrated aspects of recovery you guys
just don't eat enough healthy fats fats
are needed to increase vitamin
absorption especially your fat salable
vitamins fat are needed obviously for
testosterone production and other
hormones fats are needed to rebuild the
cell membrane of your tissues which are
obviously destroyed during training and
not to mention fats are also needed to
modulate inflammation right so get your
avocados get your nuts Paws get your egg
yolks get all of the good fats
especially your Omega-3s so get your
fatty fish as well next failure
management so that's making sure that
you don't go to complete failure that's
rp10 r0 on every single lift I'm I'm
going to put that in it depends if you
go to failure on lateral raises bicep
curls tricep extensions that's fine
right it's not going to hurt recovery
too much but if you always go into
failure on squats on deadlifts on bench
press and rolls guys that's going to
take you even longer to recover and keep
in mind you have to train close to
failure to maximize muscle growth I made
so many videos about this in the past
but I always recommend that you use the
RP of 7 to9 meaning always leave one to
three reps in the tank depending on the
lift right because go into complete
failure yes that last rep is going to
stimulate so much more muscle growth but
it's also going to cause a lot more
fatigue and a lot more damage so again I
putting depends because it depends on
the person it depends on whether you're
natural or not it depends on your
recovery management and obviously
depends on the exercise right going to
complete failure on squats is not the
same as going to complete failure on
freaking neck curls or lat raises next
taking a very cold shower right or ice
bath I'm going to put that in e panss as
well if you're goal is muscle
hypertrophy I do not recommend that you
take very cold showers or ice baths
right after the gym right because you're
going to blunt their hypertrophy
response and you're going to lower
inflammation way too much right remember
there's an inverter U curve to
everything you don't want to lower
inflammation all the way down to zero
right because some of the proteins
evolved in inflammatory response are
also involved in hypertrophy right so
there's a difference between good
inflammation and bad inflammation and
the problem with cold showers if you do
them after the gym is they're going to
blunt the quote unquote good
inflammation now before the gym
absolutely you guys know I'm a Bak
proponent of Kosar to get your nervous
system fired up to spike your dopamine
your nor epinephrine giv you a ton of
energy absolutely before the gym but
after the gym I do not recommend it if
your goal is muscle growth next Stress
Management referring to Chronic mental
stress right I'm going to put that at
crucial for obvious reasons you do not
want to be under a lot of mental stress
while you're in a recovery phase because
your sympathetic nervous system is
always going to be fired up meaning High
cortisol high catacol amines and that is
counterproductive right you want your
parasympathetic nervous system to be
activated when you're trying to recover
right so you want to relax you want to
hang out with your friends you want to
watch Comedy you want to just have a
good time right give your body a chance
to rest digest right so I don't care if
you got to meditate I don't care if you
got to do yoga anything that lowers
chronic mental stress is crucial for
Recovery next meditation I'm also going
to put that in it depends right
meditation is only going to help you
recover faster if you prone to anxiety
if you have a lot of anxiety not
everybody has high anxiety guys a lot of
us don't give a crap about most things
right but if you have high anxiety again
back to the stress section then
meditation is crucial obviously but for
the average person meditation is not
going to speed up your recovery or
reduce your sess right it's definitely
not going to reduce your sess that's for
sure but it's going to help mental
recovery by downregulating your stress
hormones and helping you turn on that
parasympathetic uh nervous system state
next sauna I'm going to put that in it
depends right once again the research is
mixed obviously it has some benefits but
it also has some downsides example you
do not want to expose your testicles to
too much heat for too long you guys know
that's going to lead to reduce sperm
count and obviously lower testosterone
levels if the temperature is too extreme
right so it depends on the temperature
it depends on how long you there it also
depends of the extent of the damage and
the inflammation you know so again being
in a SAA has some benefits but it also
has some cons depending on all the
factors I just mentioned next eating a
healthy micronutrient not just macro but
Micro so that's your vitamins and
minerals and espcially your antioxidants
eating a micronutrient dense diet
mandatory there is no debate about that
guys make sure you eating a diet that is
high in zinc in boron in magnesium in
potassium in calcium I could go on and
on guys all of your electrolytes all of
your trace minerals and even the
underrated vitamins like choline and
it's byproduct which is B chain guys you
got to have a micronutrient Rich diet
else every single pathway involved in
recovery shuts down there's no exception
right and 99% of you guys watching this
video I can guarantee you if you put
your diet into chronometer you will see
that you are deficient in at least one
if not to mandatory micronutrients right
and once again get them mostly from your
diet not from supplements the only thing
you guys should supplement with is
vitamin D3 because it is very hard to
get enough I use a vitamin D3 from diet
or from the Sun depending on where you
live and obviously your skin complexion
but apart from that get everything else
from food only use supplements as a
backup L next eating enough calories
right so not undereating not being in a
huge caloric deficit for you guys out
there who are cutting I'm going to put
that at crucial recovering from training
Burns a lot of calories your body needs
a lot of calories to regulate your
hormones to increase methylation every
process involved in recovery and keep in
mind guys recovery is mainly your immune
system and once again your immune system
is a calorie hog it takes so much energy
so much ATP to recover from a brutal
workout session and synthesize new
tissue so if you're under eting guys
you're going to delay recovery and
you're going to be sore for a lot longer
than usual next fo rolling or massages
I'm going to put that it depends right
because again obviously depends on the
body part right because that's only
going to help you with soreness and
increasing blood flow to the area which
obviously is important but it's not
going to do a lot for reducing systemic
fatigue and restoring power output as
fast as possible so you can go back in
the gym right so it's going to help you
with the physical side of recovery right
sess you know settling blood flow and
nutrients into the the saw muscle or the
muscle that you train but it's not going
to do much for the mental aspects of
recovery and it also depends on
individual responses to form rolling not
everybody responds the same which could
be said for most things next avoiding
alcohol obviously I'm going to put that
in crucial you want to avoid alcohol
doing a recovery phase the only reason
why it's St in mandatory is because
obviously depends on how much alcohol
you drink if you drink a little bit of
alcohol it's not going to mess you up
completely but it's still going to have
a negative effect on recovery mainly
because it's going to increase
inflammation it's going to put burden on
your liver so avoiding alcohol is
crucial if you want to speed up recovery
right cuz remember guys alcohol is a
poison your liver has to deal with that
and during a recovery phase your liver
is busy with so many different functions
that the last thing you wanted to do is
to stop doing what it's supposed to do
and instead focus on metabolizing the
alcohol you just drank alcohol destroys
recovery that goes without saying next
Walking just moving around I'm not
talking about high intense cardio or
none of that no just moving around
around walking maybe a light swim
regular walk at the park walking your
dog just moving around mandatory once
again you want to increase blood flow
delivery to the tissues you want to you
want to lower stress hormones you want
to lower inflammation in the
post-workout window and that's exactly
what you're going to get when you just
move around right when you don't sit at
your desk all day people think that oh
the faster way to recover is to do
nothing wrong that's actually one of the
slowest ways to recover you got to move
your body guys once again that's going
to increase blood flow that's going to
lower inflammation it's going to improve
insulin sensitivity it's going to help
you replenish glycogen faster you got to
move I don't care how sore you are how
tired you are just go for a very light
walk next anything that increases blood
flow to the muscle that you trained I'm
going to put that in mandatory right for
the reasons that I explained earlier
increasing blood flow is mandatory for
delivering nutrients so your amino acids
your vitamins your minerals even oxygen
everything that your body needs to
recover is going to be shuttled through
what obviously your blood right so you
want to increase blood flow to the
muscle in fact the reason why a lot of
these prct I is speed up recoveries
because that increase blood flow
delivery so again any method that
increases blood flow to the muscle or to
your overall body without obviously
require intense effort is going to speed
up recovery drastically next supplements
I'm going to put that in not that
important you guys already know on this
channel I'm not a big fan of supplements
for many many many reasons they are way
too overrated way too overhype and the
vast majority of them don't actually
work especially if you're getting most
of your nutrients from your diet the
only two supplements that I think
everyone should prioritize it's once
again creatine and vitamin D3 and as I
mentioned earlier that's because it's
almost impossible to get enough vitamin
D3 during certain times of the year
depending on your skin color and also
depending on your country's latitude
right where you live at is going to have
a huge effect on how much UVB rays that
coming through that Sun so very hard to
get another vitamin D3 which is so
important for recovery and so many other
factors and again create chain because
it's cheap it's proven it's effective
and not Everybody Eats enough red meat
uh to get a lot of the creatine other
than that the rest of the supplements
not that important if you're eating a
healthy diet next avoiding junk food
crucial for obvious reasons right junk
food is going to increase inflammation
and actually the recovery process
so that includes too much artificial
sugar that includes too many trans fats
too many fried foods too many seed oils
try to avoid anything that's going to
increase quote unquote bad inflammation
during the recovery period not to
mention it's going to crush your
testosterone which is the time period
when you actually need testosterone the
most next training more frequently
believe it or not I'm going to put that
in crucial right that's very similar to
being more active not being sary people
don't realize this but the more
frequently you train not only the faster
the repeated B effect is going to kick
in but the faster your body is going to
recover from that same workout right as
long as you don't overdo it and cause
too much muscle damage the faster your
body is going to recover that's just
basic adaptation if you train once a
week as opposed to two to three times a
week it's going to take you a lot longer
to recover from that exact same workout
the body has evolved to adapt to stress
so the amount of stress that you put it
under again as long as it's not Overkill
that's going to dictate how fast it
recover so train more frequently it
doesn't have to be super high intensity
all the time right you could have a day
where you go all in and then after that
you can have a light day right until
your body is used to doing more intense
more frequent intense workouts next
getting enough sunlight that's obviously
crucial not only for fixing your s sleep
pattern which obviously is mandatory
fixing your Cadian Rhythm balancing your
hormones increasing your vitamin D3
naturally increasing your testosterone
lowering your inflammation lowering your
cortisol watch my video on sunlight
there are so many benefits to getting
enough sunlight during the day we evolve
to be out in the sun and being in do all
day comes with a host of negative
effects next eating enough protein
mandatory and that's high quality
protein mostly animal protein right
again protein synesis requires protein
the methylation requires protein
resynthesizing dopamine to get your
motivation levels back up requires
protein making enough T3 replenishing
your thyroid hormones keep your
metabolism High requires thyrosine which
GS an amino acid I could go on and on on
all the benefits of eating enough
protein make sure you're eating enough
high quality protein that's very high in
Lucine and tyrosine right so red meat
eggs salmon the usual list MTO reset
obviously in crucial if you watch my
videos you already know why it is very
important that you take breaks from the
gym guys I'm not talking about D loading
I'm talking about dra trining a full
week where you don't train at all
especially for people who train hard if
you train like a then yeah you can
train all year round and you're not
going to need a m reset but if you train
hard especially if you're natural so
high volume high frequency full body
workouts push pull up or lower guys
you're accumulating so much fatigue over
time I don't care how good your program
is you're accumulating fatigue you're
accumulating inflammation you're
accumulating joint stress that your body
eventually cannot keep up with right so
it's very important after four to 6
weeks of hard training you take a
complete week off to reset everything
reset M to allow your satellite cells
and my nuclei to accumulate allow your
Androgen receptors to resensitize allow
your central nervous system to recover
and you will see when you come back to
the gym after that you're going to be
fresh your strength is going to go
through the roof the rate at which you
build muscle is going to go up and your
motivation cognition and man focus is
going to be in the constant uptrend all
year long all right next reducing bad
inflammation right so that's anything
that negatively affects your immune
system so that's toxins
injuries uh again alcohol dangerous
drugs anything that negatively
stimulates your immune system I'm going
to put that at mandatory you want to
avoid that because once again recovery
is mainly dictated by how good your
immune system is and if your immune
system is too busy fighting a bunch of
BS then that's obviously going to take
away from the resources needed to
recover from training so avoid quote
unquote bad inflammation next proper
hydration getting plenty of water plenty
of electrolytes that's obviously
mandatory your body is mostly water I
don't have to explain this I made too
many videos on how important hydration
it is for muscle growth hormone balance
inflammation control Stress Control
protein synthesis reducing muscle damage
I can go on and on and on if you peeing
yellow you are not fully hydrated next
contract therapy I'm going to put that
at crucial again that's contrast water
therapy so that's switching between hot
and cold that has been shown over and
over again in the literature to speed up
recovery like crazy mainly because again
it increases blood flow because your
body is going back and forth between
vasil dilation and vasil constriction it
lowers inflammation and in doing so
restores power output and speeds of
recovery extremely fast last but not
least maximizing your testosterone
levels and all your other Androgen so
your DHEA your DHT and obviously your
free hormone so free DHD free
testosterone at the very top of
mandatory there's a reason why guys on
trt guys on steroids recover faster than
the mug that's because testosterone is
evolved in every single pathway that
affects recovery glycogen replenishment
nitric oxide production for increased
blood flow protein synthesis obviously
antagonizing cortisol increasing energy
reducing fatigue I can go on and on your
recovery will be garbage if you're to
Stone levels or to be specific your n
Androgen status is low and once again
the best way to measure that is by
measuring your grip strength with a
dynamometer and making sure that it
doesn't decline too much after the gym
all right guys hope the video helps
don't forget to like And subscribe and
support the channel by grabbing the copy
of the ebook I'm out of here
