[Music]
so what we're doing next is ight row is
going to work on the traps okay we just
did a bunch of laterals side laterals
front laterals raises Superman delt raes
we're going to do some uprights with the
cables and you're going to see a lot of
videos that tell you that this is a bad
exercise or a dangerous exercise than it
is okay you got to do it safely I like
all the way up about to my chest and
even a little higher to my chin but
there's no pain in my shoulders or my
elbows if you feel tension in clinge and
pain and whatnot stop right there you
can still get this exercise done
proficiently with doing a half rep 3/4
rep quarter rep full rep okay all you do
is you get those elbows higher than the
bar squeeze those traps all the way
back and as always start out light
because we're do we're moving on to a
different part of the muscle the central
nervous system needs to jump right in
there and get fired and activated and
ready to roll start light do it right
again making sure that you bring the
elbows lead to the elbows and you want
to not have your head back because that
spine is huge spinal column is gigantic
so you lean your head forward just a
little bit or even just touch your chin
there squeeze those traps if you can
squeeze the golf ball with your traps
you're doing the right job right there
that's
good good get a one oh yeah that's
it
