all right guys here's the best exercise
for your upper packs the dumbbell
incline press if you watch my videos on
the I have the series I tell you guys
the top three exercises for each muscle
um group right I mean each muscle region
upper lower packs whatever and this is
the the best one for upper packs you
know um bro sign certified and sign
certified a lot of EMG studies were
condone on all chest movements and the
dumbbell in clown press uh was on the
top three a lot higher than the ball
Bell in clown press um so anyway so what
I'm doing here is I'm starting off with
60 lbs this was me and Matt while back
at w Memorial Gym in Virginia Tech 60 lb
and um just uh for a warm up we just do
40 second time on attention right so you
can either do 40 reps really fast 20
reps with a 2 second you know Tempo or
it doesn't matter how you want it right
as long as you do it for from 40 seconds
to a minute and we do that before we
start going into our heavy lifting
because uh you get a lot of blood into
the muscle you get a lot of nutrients in
there uh it's it's good to you know it
helps prevent injuries and you get this
awesome pump I like I like doing all my
heavy lifting uh on the on the pump
right I like getting a pump before I go
into heavy movement so that's it guys
try it out dumbbell in clown press trust
me 60 lb or 30 lb doesn't how much how
much way you use at the 402 Mark you're
going to be so close quitting make sure
you get a good stretch at the bottom too
in body the
[Music]
building
