explain all right guys so oversimplified
version of nitrogen retention once again
oversimplified not to confuse any of you
guys if you want more details I'll make
a separate video explain all the little
[ __ ] you know fancy [ __ ] anyway there
goes the cell once again protein SES are
taking place right good job everybody St
the sze protein right that's all it
means protein Sy your body synthesizing
protein to build muscle right so there
go the nitrogen I mentioned earlier
obviously it's it's bond to it's
actually it's not just nitrogen floating
around right it's amino acid whatever so
there goes the cell the muscle cell
right
here right nitrogen is going in what
testosterone does steroids you
know fam to a lot of you [ __ ] what it
does is it helps the cell retain
nitrogen right I explained in many many
many [ __ ] videos so once Amo a are
transported to the cell testosterone
let's say without testosterone right
nitrogen is am acids going to the cell
some is you know somewhere inside being
synthesized some are being wasted I put
other [ __ ] right it's going to uh Ura
being useful Amo acid can be usedful
many different things right you know
glucon neogenesis uh blah blah blah uh
but and the funny thing people forget
that your body doesn't just have muscle
tissue has a lot of different tissue
that also in these protein so so anyway
there goes the muscle
cell and the nitrogen is being
transported there right
amino acids with testosterone instead of
having three once again I'm making up
these numbers to simplify instead of
having just three in here and the rest
being wasted going through other [ __ ]
testosterone helps the same cell have
more of these [ __ ] you see this [ __ ]
more nitrogen allowed to be concentrated
within the cell what does that do that
increases protein synesis that speeds up
protein synesis so more it's being used
less is being wasted towards other [ __ ]
so what do you happen so so what happens
so what happens to you you end up
looking like Phil he and [ __ ] right the
muscle keeps growing and growing and
growing and growing that's why I told
you in the other video right if your
body can synthesize 3 g of protein
theoretically right just 3 g of protein
every single day for muscle building on
top of what you already have you'll have
a pound of muscle every single month
that's 12 lbs of muscle at the end of
the year so if you eat a piece of
chicken let's say this a piece of
chicken and this is
uh uh let's say 20 grams of protein
right chicken 20 23 g of protein if
everybody can use Just Three G out of
that protein right and synthesize it for
new additional muscle tissue every
single day at the end of the month you
have a pound of muscle so that tells you
guys that at the end for for the last
three four five months if you haven't
been putting on a pound of pure muscle
not fat or whatever water weight if
you're putting on a pound of pure muscle
every month it simply means that that
chicken breast you're eating not even
three gram is going towards the
synthesizing of new muscle tissue and
keeping it there food for lot people
don't think about [ __ ] like that so
there has to be ways to increase
nitrogen retention which I'm going to
get to later and that's why people that
take steroids can have a shitty diet and
still build a lot of muscle cuz the body
only needs such a small amount of of
protein to synthesize new new muscle
tissue just think about 3 G for a pound
at the end of the month 6 G for 2 lbs
and we eat so much protein where is all
that protein going other [ __ ] all right
let's get ready to the next
[Music]
video lazy person I still and I believe
that lazy people have the most potential
out of every
human so la because the first one is
believe it or not
