[Music]
Tim the
Alit meals for tomorrow by the way this
is the second take that's why I got to
rush through it I don't want to repeat
myself as you all know I'm doing carback
loading I'm going to make a separate
video explain to you guys why I'm doing
it and how it works but this is my me
for tomorrow I'm doing it the night
before this way in the morning I don't
have to worry about cooking if anything
happens all I got to do is take my
portions out measure 4 oz using my my
scale throw it in the microwave and eat
now you all know I'm very organized very
organized don't laugh at me so I have a
I have a bow for everything I went to
the Dollar Store in the other video that
you guys saw and I bought these for a
dollar each so you actually get two of
these for just a dollar and it's bacing
also do but anyway I have one bowl for
protein tomaro's protein is beef so I
just made a lot of beef but like I said
I'm going to cut in 4 oz portions and
just you know serve so the beef is on
this side uh this bowl is for the fiber
and the fats cuz when I explain to you
in carback loading the first half of the
day which is before the gym all I'm
eating is protein fats and fiber no cars
so I have a plate for that it's going to
have uh my fiber green beans the corn
I'm not going to eat till like around
workout time cuz it's kind of starchy
and down here I have avocado well
actually guacamole throw in some olive
oil to slow down the digestion cuz the
most important part of car back loading
in the morning is you going to eat a lot
of fats everything that's slow digesting
no insulin so guacamole all I took was
one
avocado uh three boiled eggs so once
again I get my egg yolk I get my protein
and
um that's going to be doing the first
part of the day and then the third part
of the day I mean the second part of the
day which is PST workout is when I eat
my carbs that's when I backload it's
called carb backloading that's when you
eat all your carbs post workout this way
they really go to your muscles instead
of you know your your fat stes so I have
one side for pasta and one side for
potatoes depending on how I'm feeling
tomorrow cuz usually it's not until the
next day that I know what I want to eat
so if I feel like eating pasta pasta is
going to be on the left side and if I
feel like a fat ass and I want to eat
potatoes and pasta I just got to mix it
up so that's for the second part of the
day and as far as protein like I said
I'm so funny as far as protein it's here
so first part of the day when I'm only
eating fats and protein I have beef
guacamole and the fiber second part of
the day I still have beef and this and
it's not like I said every every night
it's different meals and tomorrow night
I'm going to cook fish and um some other
[ __ ] like rice for example instead of
PLA and over here I have um tuna so
that's I'm going to mix it up with some
uh if I eat it during the first half of
the day which is the the the fat part
I'm going to put some olive oil to kind
of slow down the digestion a little bit
and maybe some peanut butter on the side
if I'm eating it during the second part
of the day which I doubt I don't know
I'll just figure something out but it's
good to make all your meals the night
before so that the next day if anything
happens you don't have to you know you
know um switch your schedule up all
right that's about it uh as far as
drinks like I say in the morning no
sugar so only water I have my Jugger
water here and at night I'm going to
just drink a lot of Gatorade to get the
insulin Spike after The Workout all
right that's about it how long is the
video 3 minutes 3 minutes oh [ __ ] I have
two more minutes to talk about
nothing um so yeah we done I'm going to
I said clean up wash the dishes team 3
remember dominance discipline Direction
some discipline got to clean up
hopefully I have some help hint hint
yeah right and after that that's it guys
see you guys in the next video
tomorrow King me
