all right guys next one m to is
everything remember episode one was on
satellite cells satellite cells are
everything nitrogen is everything M to M
to is the main worker right he's the
enzyme that actually makes this whole
thing happen there the one that
synthesize and [ __ ] that allows the
cells to grow and build synthesized
protein right and I mention them in a
lot of my other videos why is M to
important because you take out M to or
you inhibit M to there's no growth right
no matter what happens he's the one that
allows the satellite cells to move
around the the whole protein sentences
process is really regulated by m to just
an enzy it stands for mamalian Target of
repy you don't have to memorize that
[ __ ] just memorize M to thank God for AC
all right how does he work this is the
cell once again the muscle cell how does
it work once again remember you you do
your bicep curl you get a little micro
chip
the satellite cells around the [ __ ]
cell go inside the proliferate at the
side of injury they multiply
differentiate into my blast blah blah
blah the more nuclei you have see you go
from three to like a whole bunch once
again I'm making up this number and now
the cell is allowed to grow M to is the
manager right he the executive
[ __ ] he's in charge of all that
[ __ ] now what stimulates MTO right cuz
once again once it's activated you
synthesizing protein you building muscle
if it's not activated you're not
building muscle if even worse you're
breaking down muscle mus so how do you
activate this [ __ ] right in fact
that that's the that's the guy that um
Mario Staten actually [ __ ] with myio
Stan puts this [ __ ] in check to
stop you from getting bigger you know
every single day so how do you get him
to activate three things are very
important right three main factors
number one amino acids right once again
your body watch my watch the I'm
assuming you watch the one of nren
retention don't skip episodes cuz you
going to be [ __ ] confused I'm not
going to go back and try to explain
everything nitrogen retention you know
nitrogen is an amino acid so before M
TOA synthesizes help synthesize muscle
tissue it needs the braak right the
amino acid are going to provide that
boom so that's check second thing in
these is obviously the growth factor I'm
just going to put hormones right you
know that's your steroids right
testosterone igf1 G all that [ __ ]
right fact let you focus on matter fact
don't don't worry about the home just
know that the growth factors right
especially this lf1 are needed to
activate M to and you're going to get
that from either your training or your
your stuff if you know what Ian mean all
right so that's the second thing that's
needed um I think also insulin anyway
horomones and the last one is obviously
energy levels right now mind you all
those three have to be there you can't
just have amino acids and none of these
guys and expect MTO to be functional
right you can't have just the growth
factors and no nitrogen no breakes no
Castle right and no energy right and you
can't just have a lot of [ __ ] energy
a lot of carbs and fat and ATP um and no
amuno acids or hormones you need all
three to be present that's why I tell
you
train eat and sleep right you got to
have all those three factors right the
energy is going to come from obviously
your carbs and fats and even protein if
you're not getting enough calories and
your protein is going to be used your
body's going to get ATP from almost
every [ __ ] thing you eat um so energy
is needed amino acids needed growth
factors are needed right so when you
hear me talk about M to he's the engine
of the cell that synthesizes muscle
tissue and he needs all those three to
be present that's why I get a lot of
messages mean I'm not growing my my my
training is perfect I'm like how's your
diet n out of 10 is sucks ass some other
people well I eat I eat all my calories
I'm a caloric surface but I'm not
growing are you getting no protein yeah
how's your training 9 10 sucks ass so
you got to have all these three factors
now one important thing about the energy
aspect of this is that M to senses all
these things right he senses he makes
sure you know before he start working he
goes it's my nitrogen here oh my growth
factor here is my energy here that's the
money supplyer once it's here he can
start paying the workers or whatever
blah blah blah if he's not getting
enough energy once again like I said if
this is missing his opposite is going to
start activating that's amk I don't want
to go into that you know uh it stands
for what was itk synthes Amino mono I
forgot I forgot some complicated I like
memorizing just the the abbreviations
cuz it's easy to remember but if you
don't have enough carobs or enough ATP
whatever in your system the opposite is
going to happen meaning you're going to
start breaking down protein and start of
synthesizing but we going to M that in
the whole separate video right now just
focus on MTO another thing you have to
understand about MTO is I made a video
about that once again this is all the
review is the more you train when you
start training M your engine is raving
just synthesizing proteins right the
longer you've been training without
breaks right say you've been training
for a long [ __ ] time and you never
took like at least a week off or
whatever which you so hard to do if
you're gtic like me eventually Mt gets
weaker and weaker and weaker just like a
normal car engine eventually does that
right and they've done many many
experiments to you know to actually
prove that after long periods of
training right without taking a break M
to eventually becomes weaker and weaker
and weaker and the best way to reset
that is not to just de lo it's just stop
[ __ ] training read about once again
it's very hard but once you do it it
works once you do it it works trust me
me and Marco tried it me and hanza did
it we all did it it was very very
painful you just stay home after work
and not go to the gym to you know
[ __ ] get all that stress out of your
system but when you do go back to the
gym you grow not only faster but bigger
and it works every single time so we try
to schedule de training sessions every
six weeks so 10 to 12 days so keep that
in mind all right
[Music]
next lazy person I still am and I
believe that lazy people have the most
potential out of every
human fact reason we so lazy because
first one is we have to believe it or
not
