all right guys so first things first I
always start off with some type of
squats right every every time I hit the
gym either front
squats hack squats I stay the [ __ ] away
from back squats now why cuz look at
this guys this what a whole year of
doing back squats consistently gave me
look at this [ __ ] man had a [ __ ]
[ __ ] ass man if you want a [ __ ] butt
cuz genetically I was ready I was had a
big ass my mom has a big butt my dad has
a big butt so you know I was born with
the [ __ ] you guys already know you
saw the pictures the skinny fat genetics
with the skinny arm skinny legs big
puffy face big belly and his big butt
right so I was born to look [ __ ] up
until bodybuilding saved my life so when
I started to try to get my legs big and
obviously I started doing a lot of lot
of back
squats my ass blew the [ __ ] up man cuz
obviously you know you got to I try to
go ass the grass all that [ __ ]
people tell you D and I'm trying to I
was trying to go with the grain and I
ended up with this [ __ ] right here look
at this look at this now for some reason
girls love it but I [ __ ] don't
[ __ ] hate looking like that so anyway
I do a hack squats I'm trying not to to
go all the way down try not to go below
parallel cuz once again you activate
more glutes or I do front squats once
again to keep my hamstrings and my
glutes out of the out of the movement so
every workout I do mainly start with
squats then I go on like I said I
depending on what what period or what
cycle I'm in not drug cycle obviously I
focus on one body part at a time this
cycle I'm in I'm focusing on arms look
at some other idiot [ __ ] left the
waist on there I'm focusing the arms
shoulders and arms it's my lagging body
part so I'm not going to come here do
full body and do 20 sets on legs 20 sets
on chest 20 sets on back I give a [ __ ]
less about chest right now it's one of
my strong points I used to over train
the [ __ ] out of it uh watch my video I
explained it about the whole nuclear
silver little thingy so my chest is
always good right even if I lose it I
start training it again it it blows the
[ __ ] up once again cuz I used to hit it
every single day so it's one of my
strong points same thing with my back my
back is wide if I I to do pull-ups every
day when I'm trying to get my back wi
like my uncle so uh those body parts
every time I take a break on them I go
back they blow up really fast the only
body parts that I really suck at is my
arms and my shoulders so when I come to
the gym I mainly focus on those so
obviously I'm still going to do my legs
CU you don't want to lose that strength
you you want to do it first because of
that testosterone release don't let
nobody tell you that that testosterone
release uh doesn't mean [ __ ] because
it's only for like a few minutes nah
[ __ ] that [ __ ] read the studies on it
not only gives you a lot a lot of
strength doing your workout it wakes up
your nervous system but at the same time
you get all these Androgen receptors
activ so it's really good for you so
anyway so I do my squats first uh get
that out the way you don't want to you
know lose your legs and then I do like
probably a heavy set of bench press just
to keep my strength uh and um pull-ups
you know for my back I really don't care
right now cuz I know I could always come
back to it I got a pull-up bar at the
house so I can do my pull-ups there I'm
not really worried about the thing is
body you got to be SM guys if you have a
strong point don't [ __ ] put all your
energy into it put all your energy where
it matters right learn basic body
economics um just uh put your energy
where it matters if your lagging body
part is your chest hit your chest if you
got a very strong back don't do 20 30
sets on back if your back is one of your
best body parts you know put all the
energy into your lagging body parts cuz
you know your best body part is always
going to be there so I'm not saying
don't train that [ __ ] but don't you know
what I'm saying like don't put too much
energy into it cuz your body you know
has limited uh resources to do you know
everything else so like I said I'm going
start I start with this and then I'll
show you guys what I do after that all
right y Come On Son anyway so so I like
yo Han let's let's make a video and show
them how we came out with these insiders
and we spent like the last 10 minutes
laugh the first one is you have to you
have to
