hey guys going on Megan here one of the
number one reasons why testosterone is
so low across the world is because most
people don't even know the number one
reason for low testosterone think about
that for a second this last one keeps
dropping from generation to generation
and it's getting worse and worse because
mainly people don't even know why it's
dropping even though the answer is as
clear as day and is backed up by a
boatload of scientific evidence how do
you expect to fix a problem to solve an
issue if you don't even know what the
root cause is right so until people
figure out exactly what the number one
cause of low testosterone is which I
will tell you in this video
it's going to be almost impossible to
reverse this trend this alarming trend
of declining T levels and remember guys
until you fix loads testosterone issues
you will always struggle with motivation
energy fatigue muscle mass building
muscle increasing your strength
progressively overloading in the gym
chasing your goals everything revolves
around testosterone especially if you're
male right so in this video I'm gonna
first read the comments see what
everybody else is saying see who has the
correct or wrong answer and I'm going to
give you guys obviously the correct
answer and I'm going to explain to you
guys why it's the correct answer all
right so let's look at the comments
first all right so let's look at the
answers uh let's see the only reason
I've seen my test levels we're in the
700s was because I got eight to ten
hours of sleep a day and I ate 150 200
grams of beef per day oh why being obese
all right Megan's gonna freak out when
he sees that diet is the number one
before the beginning
uh let's see interesting thing I've
noticed about sleep is that the
Monstrous I get about getting good sleep
the worse my sleep is because of the
stress
um I'll put it like this but natural
Barbados are looking to get prescription
fat even though they're fine the magic
strategy they use is sleep deprivation
right before visiting the doctor
um and that's correct uh one night of no
sleep will destroy you bad diet plays
the big role but not nearly as dramatic
and instant as a lack of sleep
um uh I mean when I explained a good
when I when I give you guys the correct
answer you'll uh I'm gonna touch on that
let's see
I would also mention I spent almost half
of my life homeless without hesitation I
would choose to go days without food if
I could just guarantee one get out of
sleep Chopra you know it's like if I
sleep I mean I have a lot of videos of
sleep so so this is uh like I said I'll
uh I don't want to give away the correct
answer yet sleep is the easiest way to
mess up your
your test but if I had to guess what
effects of the nutrition next diet
because it directly impacts Your Sleep
Quality your body's ability to detoxify
what you put to detox uh toxic chemicals
and results you get from training I'm
interested in high important low
exercises because
I think diet because Megan tells us
about micronutrient deficiencies all the
time
um for me that is most important thing
when I eat good at them I could sleep
better and when I sleep better
automatically on the train and be more
active
I'm torn but I gotta go with bad diet I
think my dream lack of sleep is what
nearly so immediately supposed to sleep
I'm sticking with a little exercise if
you push yourself you make progress even
if you're doing something really stupid
your body will find a way to adapt the
problem is that the stimulus receives in
present because people aren't moving
um after writing I guess some completing
testosterone and fitness I got really
sick with the original you know what and
go to sleep for four days due to solar
man pretty short across my T levels bro
sleepy stuff you know how people stay
hard for me to us but asleep
Lifestyle Changes overall another
exciting lives
uh you guys watch God damn much keep
your keep your sentences short imagine
going through three days in a row
without a good diet without exercise
around plastic nothing that serious what
happened
and I imagine three days in a row before
our service now you'll be crushed I mean
sleep is pretty much what the bulk of
your chest to produce mostly because
when producers has to be sleep blah blah
blah High concussion I was serious
getting sleep for three days
I'm betting diet you know this if you
listen to making recently Harvest sleep
usually in the stop one
uh voice test base because I believe he
Cyprus died and his staff are usually uh
yeah Megan's about to cook
I would say die because it affects sleep
me again sleep stream confirmed that is
way more impactful that uh let's see our
personal experience or stopping myself
I've been sleeping for more than nine
hours of working out for more than two
years and my two levels are not high
enough that is most important
uh all right I think that's the top
comments
um if you should die let's see any more
top comments
there's a lot there's no way I'm reading
all this um I'm only going to read the
top comments guys because this video is
going to be way too long
uh yeah all right so let me give you
guys the correct answer in fact let me
keep scrolling in case you guys see
anything hilarious or good
not eating not eating Curry other than
25 percent
do you guys even watch the videos
Michael Newton efficiencies because
um I guess it is Doom all right so
liberals
oh God
yeah this one called me this one called
me a God but all right let's go back up
all right let me go ask the correct
answer see this is why Tila was the low
look look how divided people are between
the number one cause of low T and this
is not opinion this is not an opinion by
far you know anything about genetics
biology human physiology Endocrinology
the correct answer is undebatable right
um now of course sleep is important
um but it is in fact if you watch my
videos you know all I do is talk about
sleep sleep sleep sleep sleep but
there's something that I always
emphasize more than sleeping what is it
the correct answer is not d
it's not a little exercise it's not C
even though that plays the role keep in
mind all these things play a role in
testosterone and it is not sleep the
correct answer is bad diet only 23
percent of people got the answer right
now you see why testosterone keeps
declining because we don't eat most
people don't even know the root cause
the number one root cause of the
dropping sea levels is nutritional
deficiencies
a bad diet a combination of low
micronutrients
a shitty macronutrient ratio macro not
micro right the first one is low micro
mic right vitamins and minerals and
antioxidants the second one is a
macronutrient imbalance and the third
one is just we're eating crappy
processed highly inflammatory foods so
from three different angles we are
destroying metal testosterone levels
we're not getting enough vitamins and
minerals over 90 percent of the
population is deficient in at least one
and I mean that's by saying 90 if you
look at the researchers way more than 99
if you look at at least one nutrient
deficiency and sure enough the studies
back this up when people keep everything
the same and they just restore the
nutrient deficiency tea levels go right
back to what they used to be 50 years
ago
just let you know that it's not just
Plastics and BPA even though that plays
a role
it's diet because when you have enough
nutrients your body can detoxify the
shitty estrogens and the shitty toxins
that are around us the number one cause
by far Undisputed is micronutrient
efficiency we don't sleep guys we don't
sleep significantly less than we did 50
years ago right yeah sleep is hard you
know most people sleep like trash most
people are up all night blue lights
whatever but if you look at all the
studies if you look at the changing
lifestyle comparing when we had super
high tea as a generation to Low T if you
look at the change of sleep it's not
statistically significant it's lower but
not enough to cause such a massive drop
in testosterone
but if you look at diet and nutrients
game over it's night and day back then
we ate more Meats more eggs more salmon
more Dairy more potatoes
right the soil has had a lot more
nutrients we ate less poofers right less
spinal saturated fats less omega-6s less
seed oils and vegetable oils whereas now
is the complete opposite people eat less
Meats less eggs less liver less organ
Meats right you know Hearts kidneys
liver blah blah
and we eat significantly more trash
Foods right a lot of omega-6 a lot of
you know vegetable oil seed oils blah
blah
and significantly less monosaturated
fats right not to mention that our zinc
intake is crap because of all the you
know phytic acid that we combine with
our Foods
but look only 23 of people got the
answer right
right and the reason why it's another
reason why it's more important than
sleep is because you can't even sleep
good right you can't even have good
quality of sleep because your body
produces testosterone while you're
sleeping the vast majority of it is made
while you sleep we all know that but as
if and only if your body has to
substrates to make this natural people
forget that your body cannot just make
testosterone just because you close your
eyes and fell asleep your body needs
vitamins and minerals about any zinc
selenium iodine your thyroid has to
function like enough igf-1
enough cholesterol yes including the bad
cholesterol most of your testosterone is
made from LDL cholesterol quote unquote
the bad cholesterol your body needs to
prerequisites to make testosterone where
does your body get that from your diet
not just your macronutrients but your
micronutrients that's why you could
sleep 20 hours a day
if you don't have enough vitamins and
minerals
especially the ones that are involved in
testosterone production which is almost
90 of them right they don't have enough
fats the right quality of amino acids
your body's gonna make jack [ __ ] and we
see this in the studies over and over
again people that sleep well but have a
crappy diet have low T levels now that
doesn't mean that you could just eat
super good and not sleep guys you need
everything right you need a combination
of everything right but if you had to
pick what's most important it's not even
close is
micronutrients and macronutrients of
course and like I said this is not an
idea on opinion the literature on that
is so vast they've done experiments on
Rats on humans and the conclusion is
always there die comes first
followed by sleep and then everything
else
and that's why if you look at all the
studies where people get the
testosterone levels restored back to a
thousand or more every single time the
main change was not their sleep it was
their nutrition right either zinc or
choline or
B chain or vitamin D or whatever right
there's over there's over 30
micronutrients that you have to have in
the right balance but you don't have to
obsess about that if you just eat
healthy if you eat healthy you're
getting all your nutrients but anyway
guys enough rambling hope the video
helps join the Discord post your
questions there join the community where
we grow together blah blah blah all that
cute [ __ ] and do not forget to subscribe
to click the like button if you want to
boost the algorithm help the reader get
more views or some Shadow band and if
you want to support the channel as
always you can head to the website buy
the book or you could just get the free
information from the videos the Discord
the Reddit or the Articles all right I'm
out of here all right guys don't forget
to like or share the video subscribe and
hit the bell and buy my HSB nucleus of a
little training program she ultimate
program for maximum muscle growth it
includes full body workout splits bro
splits Push Pull home workouts you name
it also comes with a complete guide for
macros nutrition fat loss monster growth
hormones including a meal plan it's
pretty much all my 16 years of
experience condense into one [ __ ]
book you're also going to get free
copies of any future Edition so visit
team3dalpha.com and you can use the 40
off coupon code nucleus overload or you
could just buy the share full price all
right guys I'm out of here
