three all right oh yeah I just came from
Walmart and I made some quick protein
shake usually this what I put in the
protein shake right I put andure in the
Pro andure replaces my um my milk so I
put inure and then I put two scoops of
protein shake how many has 50 g of carbs
and I have to consume a lot of carbs a
day about 380 gram of carbs I can't eat
80 I can't eat all of that through meal
so I have to find you know smart ways to
you know get around it so and sure gives
you 50 you drink three ins shortes a day
you get 150 g or you drink four ins you
get 200 that's like half of it right
there and it's 13 g of protein right and
13 g of protein exactly I told you guys
earlier man it shows the [ __ ] you got to
find out you know you got to find out
ways to you know get around these things
you can't just you know oh I'm going to
eat um meals meals meals no your stomach
is going to be about this huge you
know you guys you know like it's hard to
eat potato potatoes rice and pasta is
the top car yes but there some days when
you just don't feel like [ __ ] chewing
anything your teeth go on vacation like
right now like right now I'm not I'm not
even I'm not I doubt that I'll be able
to finish this thing but I'm just going
to mentally like support myself to like
just gulp it down so add it up so that's
uh 50 g of of carbs plus how many grams
of protein 13 g of protein so that's
plus two scoops of um um of way Body
Fortress that's like that's 60 yeah so
60 plus 13 that's 73 that's how many G
that's 73 G of um proteins God damn yeah
and then 50 g of cars now guys I know it
sounds like BR science cuz it's too much
stuff but hey it's [ __ ] working I
mean this guy gain what 20 lbs exactly
in in when what you came H came June 8th
cuz I I made a video saying I'm going to
pick him up so he came June 8th is July
15 right so in in like 5 weeks he he was
180 when he came I swear to God 180 a
lot of of course a lot of his muscle
memory but but it's the eating this guy
started he came in when I when I was big
I I didn't get up to 200 lb the biggest
guy was what 185 185 you goty now I'm
200 cuz he was he was never eating more
than 300 G of
cars so pretty much if you work out for
a long period of time and you know this
you you at you at a plateau you're not
growing think about your Macros have you
ever went over a certain limit of course
you want to minimize fat games but look
that means your body was just waiting
for those carbs to just put on that Mas
cuz he was training you know no he was
big before then he started playing
soccer for a year stopped training his
body strength but your body still has
the you know that that muscle memory so
the Glen stores were probably wide as
[ __ ] but just waiting for the CBS and
now this we mess with his arm this
morning along with Muhammad's arm by the
way H's arm is now exactly 16 16 in
right yeah and Muhammad's arm is 16 in I
know you guys are saying when is
Muhammad's video coming up he's taking
too damn long to put all the pictures
together today he came over and gave me
like half of the pictures of when he was
skinny so I might just show you guys the
skinny pictures and maybe two or three
um pictures of like you know his
progress but if you actually see him the
way he is now you won't believe it he
put on he was 140 something pounds when
we started now he weighs 180 right when
he started to the room he just went he
now he's 180 he put on like what 40 to
30 to 40 lbs I know it sounds insane and
and it's not fat muscle muscle muscle
well some fat some fat did you see
Mohammad stomach yeah some fat I got the
pictures it's some fat guys going to be
some fat you have to chill to it's going
to be some fat I mean come on you're not
going to put like like like 3% of fat or
something cuz he's still he's still 10%
body fat Muhammad is still 10 maybe 9%
body fat so think about it I know guys
going to say it's probably genetics I
[ __ ] hate that [ __ ] y'all don't look
at what's going on behind the scenes you
should see what he does in the gym you
should see the ugly faces he makes when
he live the freaking when we train I'm
not talking about the little like how to
do bench press videos that I put up I
mean like our real workouts our 3D fuel
workouts we make the ugliest faces you
could even dream about people walk you
know the staff walks in their Dre like
you know Swip the Benes
like we go to I'm just
telling cuz you can't be in the gym and
be pretty guys you got to just break
that Plateau so he trains hard we force
ourselves to eat L people say oh no
don't force to eat but look it's working
we force ourselves to eat he we try to
get in our sleep guys it's hard work and
if it was good jtic then I guarantee you
people that have good genetics they
already look good before they even start
working out I mean they're not huge but
they already have like you know
definition whatever that's good genetics
but someone who used to be skinny as
[ __ ] when I show you Muhammad's pictures
you're going to be like okay this [ __ ]
has the worst genetics ever he was
skinnier than the mud at age 20 26 27
and in a few months he got this H so you
can't tell me it just good genetics be
consistent train eat sleep don't blame
your genetics for your your laziness or
your you know your lack of consistency I
really hate that like I said genetics
play a part but that's only like a
starting point the rest is all up to you
I like K green said he said I would
never let somebody with twice the
genetics but have the the determination
be better than me think about
that for a second never let someone with
twice the genetics but have the
determination be better than you put in
the hard work and let that hard work
fill in the Gap that your bad genetics
gave you all I got this video too
[ __ ] long anything you want to leave
them out with all right see usually when
you drink protein [ __ ] you got to make
mustache that's good when you drink your
protein oh yo chill you got mushroom
chip
juice yo chill dog chill come on dog all
right this you got to drink your proin s
you leave some in the bottom you know
put water in it mix it up again this is
all this is like
.1 g of protein right there that's why
that's how you know that's how you know
we African we don't waste food we don't
we don't waste that food it up again
keep Mex it's not it's not there yet but
it get there
got all right guys we
out
