let me show you this thing we me and
Matt taking turns trying to we in go
halfway 117 lbs of forest or whatever
about 115
12ish guys squeeze it
together nope other hand brought a Jer
hand yeah got the stronger
hand nope now there's a way to set it
everybody always complains that I don't
show people how to set it let me show
him how to set it real quick here put it
right there and of your hand on that
line okay and then get this even with
your pinky and then put a stop on it
there and then squeeze it down a little
bit like that you get a parallel set and
then you can squeeze it together that's
squeeze together try that all right so
the middle of the hand yeah turn it this
way put it right there on that line and
even with your pinky and don't let it
come back any further throw that thumb
forward and then put this thumb here and
you go like this and then bring this
hand like put your fingers together
okay and then keep that keep that from
going back it's still rolling back now
put this hand here and squeeze it
together to get it parallel little bit
more a little bit more squeeze both
hands now use this hand to squeeze it
all the way yeah see how it slid back a
little bit me show me show me I I
understand that okay woo so put this
part right there you see that crease you
don't want it to slide past that crease
cuz the farther this slides back the
farther you have to squeeze it to put it
together so don't let it slide past here
put this pad forward don't let it come
back give me that thumb put that thumb
here you want to brace it right there
great that's your little stop yep okay
now put put a finger here you know you
can even put it here and then keep it
from sliding walk your fingers up all
four of them and squeeze it with this
hand too squeeze it walk your fingers up
there you go like squeeze it all the way
together get it a parallel squeeze it
now squeeze it with this hand too get it
parallel get all your fingers on there
and then pull this hand away and squeeze
it together
oh right right better good job man I'll
show you one more time all right oh this
kind of a tough
one okay here right on that line put
your little stop on
it walk it up get all your fingers on
there and then squeeze it together oh my
God it's together damn man what's I
learn that you're going to give me your
wrist right give me your wrist you have
to chill all
right
