hey guys going on Megan here here are 20
things that destroy testosterone based
on the scientific literature and my over
20 years of experience let's get started
a lower carb diet that lowers
testosterone it doesn't destroy
testosterone and it does not kill
testosterone right this being the worst
obviously but it does lower testosterone
there's a ton of studies on this even a
meta analysis on this you do not want to
eat a lower car diet especially if
you're an athlete or if you train a lot
you're very active you definitely want
to avoid a low cup diet for many reason
a low cup diet will increase cortisol
lower thyroid hormones lower glycogen
stores lower igf1 I could go on and on
guys if you train a lot if you're very
active avoid a low cup diet a low cup
diet can also drastically increase xob
and globulin which in turn is going to
lower your free testosterone next not
walking enough right being sedentary not
having a lot of steps guys if you're
walking less than 8 to 10,000 steps a
day you're in trouble right a sedentary
lifestyle through mini pathway ways is
going to lower testosterone it's not
going to destroy testosterone but it's
definitely going to lower it and that's
mainly because you're going to have high
cortisol levels High inflammation poor
blood flow and obviously horrible
cardiovascular health next undereating
undereating is going to destroy
testosterone if you do not eat enough
relative to your lean body mass of
course your brain is not going to send a
signal obviously Luiz the hormone and
gonadotropin releasing hormone to
increase the estos production because
the body the brain to be specific is
going to switch from reproduction mode
to survival mode it's just common sense
is evolutionary biology if you are not
getting enough calories or if you fast
for too long your body will reduce
testosterone production your
hypothalamus very carefully tracks the
amount of glucose in your bloodstream
and your overall caloric balance before
it decides to upregulate all of your
reproduction hormones next avoiding
exposure to women meaning not looking at
attractive women not interacting with
attractive women I'm not talking about
sex I'm talking about just exposure to
attract the women the science on this is
very clear on humans and on animals it
does lower testosterone it's not going
to destroy it but it's significantly
lower theone in fact the difference is
so large that in studies that compare
men who are in all boy schools compared
to men who are you know in schools where
they allow women there's a huge
difference in testone levels because
once again your brain is not stupid guy
your brain is not going to release
lutosa hormone and GNR if it does not
have to right the body does not like was
his resources and obviously increasing
testosterone production is very very
expensive both in its production and its
effects on bodily tissues which is why
the body is very careful in timing the
release of testosterone so if you're not
exposed to women if they remember guys
testosterone involves for reproduction
right forget what anybody told you
testosterone evolve for reproduction for
sex it did not evolve for muscle and for
energy and all that those are just
things that help you get sex right if
you look at the evolutionary uh history
of the human race right so if the brain
brain feels like you have no access to
sex or there's no reason to increase
testosterone it's going to give you just
enough testosterone to live by right to
make it through we see the same in
Animal Kingdom when you put male animals
around females especially if they're in
heat their testosterone levels go
through the roof if you remove the male
animals from around females the testone
levels go back down common sense so
expose yourself to attractive female now
as far as ugly females I have no idea
I've said this before there's no
research on what happens if you surround
yourself with with ugly ugly women um
but I would assume you not going to get
a big increase in testesterone right
again we don't have a lot of randomized
control trials on what happens if you uh
expose a bunch of guys to uh ugly
[ __ ] but anyway next beating your
meat that one is a m yes masturbation
does not reduce testosterone contrary to
what all these clown influencers told
you the noof FB guys the SE retention
guys guys it is all Bs there is so so
much literature on the relationship
between sexual acts so that includes
masturbation watching porn having sex
and testosterone and the vast majority
of studies if not all show an increase
in testosterone I I already went over
those studies you guys could check my
old videos and if you want I can make
future videos it is one of the biggest
myths of the most recent years in some
studies masturbation increased
testosterone up to 15 to 20% in other
studies having sex increased
testosterone up to
109% I've covered that study in the past
and in many studies two of which are
covered on this channel just looking at
porn looking at women are looking at
people having sex increase testosterone
at least 10% which once again makes
sense the brain evolved to release
testosterone when it thinks that you're
about to engage in sexual acts now that
does not mean go out there and beat your
meat all day I made a I made many videos
on no F and cement retention watch the
video before you jump to conclusions I'm
not saying you should go out there and
masturbate all day because it
temporarily increases testosterone right
because there's an inverted U curve to
everything right if you masturb it all
day obviously you're going to keep your
prolactin levels constantly
yeah it's going to go back down but if
you keep beating your meat you're going
to upregulate pactin all day long and
that's obviously going to put you in a
lazy low energy State not to mention
that you'll be depleting a lot of your
key micronutrients so even though I'm
against no fap and I'm against all this
C Ren [ __ ] at the same time that
does not mean that you should overdo it
right I believe in what I jokingly call
anim minut fapping right you want to fap
fine make sure you do it after your
daily routine is complete after you done
conquering your day after you're done
doing whatever else you have to do to
improve as a man do it at night before
you go to bed now if you have a girl
great clap her cheeks right if you don't
and you can't focus guys be your me
right don't this whole noof fat movement
is such BS again I don't want to Dera
this video so watch my video on noof fat
where I completely destroy that myth
using both scientific evidence and
empirical evidence now if you're
addicted to porn that's a whole
different thing right Pawn addiction is
horrible obviously addiction to anything
is horrible right so if you're addicted
with porn then again watch my video
where I explain the details in short
porn addiction is not the problem it is
the symptom it is the symptom of a
bigger issue I've been saying that for
years watch the video while I go into
details anyway next not eating enough
micronutrients right so not eating
enough vitamins minerals especially zinc
Boron magnesium the B vitamins choline
copper selenium long story short not
eating a micronutrient-rich diet and
again I'm talking about from food not
from supplements from Foods this one
kills testosterone it is one of the
worst thing if not the worst thing you
could do if you're trying to optimize
your male hormones your body cannot make
any I repeat any of your key hormones
testosterone even cortisol even asadol
DHT pralon progesterone your body cannot
make any of those hormones without the
co-actors that the enzymes actually need
and what are those co-actors vitamins
and minerals in fact a zinc deficiency
alone was enough to create up to a 300%
difference in testosterone levels and
I've covered that study in the past just
type zinc testosterone in my channel and
you'll find it right and that's just one
micronutrient imagine if you deficient
in boron potassium calcium you guys are
deficient in almost anything right so
fix your micronutrient deficiencies eat
a lot of nutrient dense Meats fruits and
veggies next chronic stress this one
destroys testosterone right not acute
stress chronic stress meaning stress
that's I you see prolonged you know you
stressed out all day a lot of anxiety
that is going to violate your
testostrone levels for obvious reasons
right your body's going to start making
a ton of cortisol and cordone and
testosterone not only they antagonize
each other but they are made from the
same precursors right which is obviously
cholesterol and pregnet alone your body
is also going to be deficient in
progesterone which again you know just
like pantalone is a precursor for
cortisol so there are so many ways that
constantly being stressed destroys
testor production next being submissive
to Authority that actually lowers
testosterone a lot of literature on this
as well which obviously makes sense this
is because we evolved as social
creatures so whenever somebody has
authority over you your body wants to
actually lower your testosterone levels
increase your cortisol so that you
assume a sub missive stance right so
that you do not confront the person and
nobody does that obviously to avoid
social isolation to avoid rejection and
to avoid obviously physical damage right
but being submissive to someone or
something actually lowers theosone
levels that's why I would say you guys
submit to no one right I'm not I'm not
telling you guys to go out there and
break the law obviously not the law is
there for a reason right but submit to
No One not politicians not religious
figures not humans if you want to
believe in the higher power you want to
be spiritual that's fine I got nothing
against that but you guys already know
my stance on organized religion right so
BS all right next not getting enough
sunlight that actually destroys
testosterone for two reasons because you
need sunlight one to your eyes obviously
morning sunlight is needed for
lutenizing hormone production as well as
fixing your circadian rhythm so getting
enough melatonin and night blah blah
blah blah but you also need sunlight to
your skin obviously for vitamin D right
and there's also other pathways through
which sunlight when it comes in contact
with your skin increases testosterone
from production one of them is the p-53
G and I believe I think I made videos
about that watch my long video on
sunlight that I made over 3 years ago
right and most of you MOS are not
getting enough sunlight in fact sunlight
is so crucial that among certain animals
it is precisely what regulates mating
season right especially right there
right they don't get enough sunlight and
the body does not produce enough
testosterone and they don't get the
typical you know growth of antlers and
the big neack all the things that come
from hi to steron right before the
mating season long story short get
plenty of sunlight guys next drinking a
lot of alcohol that actually destroys
testosterone now short term it might
increase testosterone but that's not
because it's increasing production of
tea is because it's temporarily lowering
the excretion of testosterone the
removal of testosterone because
obviously your liver is too basically
having to detox the [ __ ] right
so so alcohol short term you might get a
slight increase in testosterone but long
term it will destroy your tea levels
mainly through inflammation and
oxidative stress and a whole bunch of
issues next smoking smoking lowers
testosterone the reason why it's not
higher is because the research is mixed
again it's very similar to alcohol where
shortterm where in some cases it does
increase testosterone a bit it also
increases DHD but in a few cases where
Studies have reported higher
testosterone levels than smokers it's
mainly through associations right it was
not an RCT it was not a randomiz control
trial it was mainly through Association
meaning men with high testosterone do
tend to take more risk and they do tend
to smoke more right so it's not the
smoking that increases the testosterone
it's just that high testosterone men
tend to smoke more and tend to take more
risk right but smoking longterm
obviously lowers your testasterone
because again the oxidative stress the
inflammation the cortisol the whole nine
yards next not having sex not being
sexually active lowers testosterone
again the research is very clear on that
right so so much for the cement
retention [ __ ] out there who
keep lying to you guys again stop
listening to these clowns out there who
keep lying to you in spite of decades of
scientific research showing the opposite
right not having sex not being sexually
active lowest testosterone for the same
reason that I mentioned earlier right
the body doesn't like to waste resources
why would it increase your testosterone
if it's just going to go to waste now if
you're not sexually active but you
expose yourself to females then yeah the
body will temporarily increase its tone
levels to make you do the things that
are necessary to obviously obtain a mate
but if you go very very long time
without clapping cheeks yeah the body's
like man [ __ ] you you're not going to
pass on these jeans all right next not
working out obviously lowers
testosterone right it doesn't destroy
testosterone there's a lot of people
that have high testosterone levels and
they probably work out once or twice a
week right so strength training does
increase testosterone but it's mainly
shortterm depending on the workout if
it's high volume short rest period then
yeah it's going to increase testoserone
up to 130% in one study which is one of
the biggest increases and long term it
does increase testoserone a bit as well
but it's mainly indirectly because again
you have more muscle mass you have more
Androgen receptors your inflammation is
lower blah BL blah blah blah I'm trying
to avoid the technical terms but to be
brief not training resistance training
that is does lower testosterone
especially as you age next watching porn
again I mentioned that earlier that is
actually a myth yep in every study that
looked at man consuming pornography or
explicit material testosterone actually
increase not decrease and I already
explained why and that's because looking
at attractive women once again increases
dopamine increases lutenizing hormone
increases GNR and obviously when
increase dopamine you lower prolactin
not to mention that the catacol means
you know dopamine orrine things like
that also go to the testicles and
directly increase intracellular CM which
kickstarts the testosterone production
pathway so watching pornography actually
increases testerone as crazy as it
sounds but once again like I said before
that does not mean you should go out
there and become addicted to pawn
because again inverted urve becoming
addicted to anything is going to
eventually lower your testosterone
indirectly right so do not become become
addicted to porn I repeat do not become
addicted to porn in fact don't become
addicted to anything next eating a very
very very high protein diet right not
just a high protein diet because that's
actually recommended right but an
excessively high protein diet that has
been shown to actually destroy
testosterone a huge decrease up to 35% I
believe I think I made a video about
that so just start protein testosterone
and that's not just from one or two
studies from several studies right the
reason is simple one if you eat way too
much protein that means you're not
getting enough healthy fats you're not
getting enough carbohydrates which
obviously going to lower testosterone
the second reason is because your body
is going to have too much ammonia and
your liver is going to have to lower
testosterone and increase cortisol in
order to upregulate the Ura cycle right
so don't overdo it with protein you do
want to eat a high protein diet right
like I said one gr per pound of body
weight lean body mass of course if you
obese but having significantly more than
that is counterproductive right because
you're not going to have enough room for
fats and obviously carbohydrates next
eating junk Foods so that's a lot of
seed oils a lot of artificial sugar a
lot of trans fats that kills
testosterone through every pathway you
could think about it lowers lutenizing
hormone it lowers GNR it lowers
testicular production increases
inflammation oxidated stress advanced
glycation in products I mean holy cow
that not to mention it also increases
your body fat over time which increases
Aroma taste leading to more estral right
the main estrogen and through negative
feedback loop goes back to your
hypothalamus and your ptary gland and
lowers LH all over again right so there
are so many ways junk food kills your
testosterone guys next drugs right
taking a lot of drugs not including
caffeine of course obviously lowers your
testone levels and I put it at lowers
because it depends on the drug right
some drugs completely Crush testosterone
some increase testosterone and some are
right there in the middle right but
overall taking drugs apart from caffeine
which obviously is also drug lowers
testosterone
especially if you're taking opioids
right if you're taking opioids or
anything like heroin or or other
painkillers yeah that lowers theosone a
lot next not getting enough sleep that
obviously kills testosterone hands down
there is no debate about it tons and
tons and tons of studies on this right
people who sleep less than 5 hours a day
can have up to two to three times less
testosterone than people who sleep s to8
hours a day or more huge difference and
that's because again most of your
testosterone is produce night during
your RAM sleep stages especially the
first R sleep cycle so not only you
should sleep more but the quality of
your sleep also matters go to bed early
guys you should be in bed by 10 p.m. at
the latest next overeating overeating
destroys testosterone right again
there's an inverted U curve to
everything meaning if you start
overeating at first you're going to get
an increase in testosterone because the
body is getting all these calories all
the glucose body's thinking yeah time to
reproduce but eventually that's going to
lead to higher body fat and as I men
earlier high body fat is going to
produce more aromatases which is going
to convert your testosterone to
estrogens which obviously lowers your
testosterone level right so avoid
overeating if you clean barking again
you don't need more than a 500 calor
Surplus maybe 250 to 300 but try not to
overeat again unless you Mal nervous or
some [ __ ] the more body fat you put on
the higher your BMI the lower your
testosterone almost every single time
ton of studies on this next eating a
vegan diet that actually lowers
testosterone right and the main reason
is because you're obviously getting less
animal fats you're getting less
saturated fats you're getting less
cholesterol you're getting less high
quality amino acids such as Lucine and
obviously phenol alanine and tyrosine
which are needed to make dopamine one of
the main Inhibitors of pactin I can go
on and on right but if you look at most
studies comparing a vegan diet a
vegetarian diet and an animal based or
balanced diet the vegan group almost
always has lower to on levels now of
course you can find one or two studies
that shows the opposite or makes results
but you never look at one or two studies
to make a conclusion I've told you guys
many times you want to look at the
entire literature the entire body of
evidence and when you do you will see
that vegan diets primarily because
they're so low in fats and also because
they're so high in ftic acid which lower
zinc absorption tend to produce lower
testosterone levels on average there's
always going to be exceptions obviously
next eating a very lowfat diet and I put
a bodybuilder here I put J because
bodybuilders are notorious for promoting
these very lowfat diets where you're
eating like 50 gr of fats or 20 gam of
fats and obviously it works for them
because they injecting testosterone the
body does not need to produce
testosterone so very lowfat diets kill
testosterone this has been studied over
and over and over again right and
obviously the reason is simple if you're
eating a lowfat diet that means you're
not getting enough saturated fats you're
not getting enough mono unsaturated fats
you're probably not getting enough
Omega-3s and all of these things play
huge role in sty and production if you
want to know the technical reasons why
and the mag mechanisms of action watch
my videos on fat and testosterone while
I go into the nerdy details next
Plastics BPA estrogenic compounds they
lower testosterone right now there's a
lot of feir monging people blow it out
of proportion yes they are bad that do
lower testosterone but nowhere as much
as the other items up there right um we
are all surrounded by Plastics and bpas
and all that stuff but but there are
still people walking around with very
high testone levels naturally right so
as long as you're doing all the other
things on the list you can offset a lot
of the negative effects of bpas and
Plastics and estrogenic compounds
especially if your dad is rich in
micronutrients and you try your best to
lower inflammation but you should still
try your best to avoid Plastics as much
as you can try to drink from glass
containers the whole N9 yards next
inflammation right so anything that
causes chronic inflammation I'm not
talking about inflammation from training
right I'm talking about inflammation
from toxins from eating [ __ ] foods from
being sick obviously from taking drugs
anything that creates a long lasting
immune response is going to kill
testosterone in fact it is one of the
largest one of the biggest reasons why
testosterone levels have been declining
like crazy over the last Generations
right we are chronically inflamed
because of all the reasons that I
mentioned earlier right I CRP levels are
through the roof and remember what I
said earlier if your body has to focus
on Survival it no longer prioritizes
reproduction so Tason goes down and
actually asile right the main estrogen
goes up and one of the reasons because
testas is actually anti-inflammatory and
estrogens are pro-inflammatory so
whenever you inflame your body has to
lower tea and increase estral in order
to keep you alive next eating a lot of
soy so tofu any soy products that one it
depends I know this is a shocker to a
lot of people but again I got to be
objective based on the entire body of
literature some studies show a decrease
in testosterone a Dro in DHD levels
which is the most powerful Androgen
obviously but some studies also show a
mixed response right and reason for that
is because there are too many confining
factors right people that eat a lot of
soy right so it really depends the
science is not conclusive but it's not
worth the risk in my opinion right to me
there's more than enough studies showing
negative outcomes from eating too much
soy not to mention the phytoestrogens
and all that stuff so so better be safe
than sorry in my opinion and just avoid
it and last but not least not competing
that destroys testosterone remember guys
the two biggest increases in
testosterone that we've ever seen in
literature up from sex that was over
109% increase and the second one if you
watch my videos you already know what
that one is competition it doesn't have
to be physical it doesn't have to be
fighting any time you compete for status
your body pumps out a ton of
testosterone the largest increase I
believe it was over 400% or 600% I made
a video about it so check it out just
typ competition in testosterone but it
is one of the largest increases in
testosterone that we've ever seen and
the guys were just playing chess right
there's there also study showing what
happens when you compete in MMA when you
compete in soccer when you compete
anytime you're competing for status and
you obviously take it seriously your
body pumps out to St on like crazy so
the reverse is also true not engaging in
frequent competitions not trying to move
up the social ladder not trying to
increase your status does keep your
testosterone levels in a very low range
all right guys hope this video helps
there's so much I wanted to say but I
had to keep the video short and not
technical because a beginnner so give it
a thumbs up don't forget to subscribe
and grab a copy the ebug if you want to
support the channel I'm out of here
