Megan here so I'm continuing the series
on um the most important factors uh to
build muscle the three most important
factors that you need in order to build
muscle make sure you watch the videos
because I'm going to skip a lot of
details right watch the video on protein
synthesis where I explain the visual
process for my visual learners out there
like you guys uh the struggle is real
and make sure you watch the one where
also explain exactly how everything
works so quick recap remember if you
want to build muscle you got to
understand you just got to understand
how muscle is build you don't understand
how muscle is build you're going to get
confused you're going to keep looking
through articles day and night and
you're going to see so many
contradicting studies that you're just
going to [ __ ] your head is going to
explode so just know how muscle is built
all right quick recap on the previous
videos muscle is built from protein I
mean muscle is made out of proteins
right proteins are made out of amino
acids which are those things you see
here right uh you know different amino
acids uh and those amino acids put
together in these bonds right forming
these you know this kind of structure
obvious it's a lot longer than that
stack together and then you have protein
right so you take amino acids you put
them together in a specific order and
you keep stacking them together you're
going to have bigger proteins you know
and you're going to have bigger
contractor Elements which is a bigger
muscle right at least a bigger muscle
all right it's that [ __ ] simple right
so that's what the other video explained
make sure you check out I remember I
explained that you got to take the amino
acids right lysine Lucine you know
Arginine phenoline tyrosine all that
[ __ ] you got to take all amino acids you
got to put them in a specific order a
specific order in order to form the
protein that you want right because your
eyes are made of protein your hair is
made of protein so you know you need a
specific sequence and where do you get
that Cod your DNA right the other video
explains that your DNA is the source of
that information and you stimulate your
DNA via the growth factor right hormones
testosterone you know things like that
the enzymes that help with translation
like MTO you know Myan blah blah blah
blah blah blah that that Master inhibits
M all that good [ __ ] right so the growth
factors I put everything no normally
when you hear the term growth factors
people refer to hormones but I'm
throwing everything in it like you know
I'm including the enzymes and the genes
so the question was which of the three
and obviously the energy right the
energy that you need to finance the
operation and the question was which of
the three is the most important right
because if you if you have the obviously
you need everything right if you have
the amino acids and you have the code on
how to put them together but you don't
have the money to finance the operation
which is the energy enough calories then
nothing's going to get built and if you
have the energy and then you have the
instructions but you don't have the
brakes nothing's going to get built okay
so you need all three but what is the
most important because as lifters we
getting enough of some of those three
things right but we missing on one
that's what this video is about we're
getting enough amino acids okay most
people are getting enough protein you're
getting enough chicken fish beans if
you're a vegan
whatever we getting enough calories I'm
I'm assuming you're getting enough
calories I mean that's like basic basic
bodybuilding 101 so why is it that a lot
of us are not growing the way that we
want to grow it all comes down to the
growth factors right that is the most
important that is the most important of
the three factors why because you can
have a person that has a high protein
diet a high calorie diet and still
doesn't put on muscle be if these growth
factors are not
activated okay but yet it's impossible
to have the other way around right
you're not going to have a person that
has highly active growth factors and is
not putting on musle because your body
is going to get is going to become more
efficient at using the little protein
that you eat and the little energy that
you have okay and the perfect example as
to why growth factors the most important
is just look at you know Runners and
Marathon run look sprinters and look at
marathon runners right we make that
analogy a lot of times the Sprinter has
more muscles than the marathon runner
yet if you put them on the same diet
keep the training the same right but put
them on the same diet same amount of
protein same amount of calories who's
going to be bigger it's going to be the
Sprinter why because sprinting is a lot
more antibotic than you know in der
training which is actually catabolic and
breaks down muscle because you know
ampk actually blunts M to but that's for
a whole different video all right so
that's an example where people can have
the same amount of amino acid same
amount of energy but one person is OB
going to put on more SI because the
activity that he's doing stimulates the
growth factors more right look at
somebody who is natural and somebody
who's on steroids you can put them on
the same diet meaning same amount of
calories same amount of protein right
but the personal steroid is going to
grow more why because this Factor you
know testosterone growth factors right
it leads to a insane response in muscle
building and protein
okay but yet that's the funny thing is
somebody who's on steroid put some more
muscle even if he doesn't train then
somebody who's Natty and goes to the gym
that's the fact studies are showing this
I made videos about that right once
again showing you the power of growth
factors right let's look at a man and a
woman they could have the same amount of
protein in the diet certain amount of
energy right enough to meet their needs
but why is that the guy grows more than
the woman he has more growth factors we
have more
you know along with a bunch of other
things okay and what happens when women
put on you know steroids and increase
their their their testosterone levels
and things like that beyond the
psychological the the physiological
range they're put on more muscle than
guys they're Natty guys of course right
so it's all about growth factors you
could increase your protein all you want
your energy all you want this is the
factor that really decides how big
you're going to get right look at a boy
that that goes to puberty right you
could incre you you can give a
10-year-old older the protein in the
world all the energy in the world he's
not going to get the physiological
change that you get through puberty but
yet you let him naturally go through
puberty what happens he puts on muscle
your your muscle size increases when you
go to puberty without lifting a single
weight why because what happens if you
go to puberty your growth factors
increase okay look at the people that
are Maring the fishing or the cows that
are Maring fishing you know you could
feed them all the amino you you could
take two cows one is M and ficient one
is the normal cow you could you could
take the normal cow and triple this
protein triple this energy it will not
build as much muscle as the as the cow
that simply has less my Statin what's
again this Factor yes all those three
things are important but growth factors
are everything when it comes to building
size okay very [ __ ] important now the
question remains let's conclude this
video because it's too long now question
remains well Megan how do I increase my
growth factors well when you go into the
gym you you stimulating your growth
factors that's why we train when you
train when you lifting that bar you're
not increasing your
protein you know via the ACT yeah you
you breaking down more protein your body
can use to recentes but really the the
you know you're not you're not eating
while you're [ __ ] pentry so your
protein is not going up your energy is
not going up anything is going down why
do we go to the gym then we go to the
gym because training is anabolic it
activates a lot of the genes responsible
for growth okay so the question is how
do I keep growing well you need to me
manage this manage this everyone is good
at managing their protein everyone is
good at managing their calories manage
the growth factors through what are you
lifting heavy check most people are
lifting heavy are you lifting with
enough volume check most people are
lifting with enough volume you want to
know what's missing frequency that's why
all my [ __ ] videos emphasize
frequency the videos of nucleus overload
on training every day on on you know
like uh prioritizing the muscle by
hitting IM more frequently it all Bs
down the frequency because you got
understand a lot of the hormones that
lead to an antibiotic State they have a
very short half life if you've been
trading for a long time okay when you're
a noob yeah you lift the weight man the
RNA for the the muscle building jeans
that [ __ ] is up for weeks I think it
Peaks at like two weeks or some [ __ ] uh
but when you're a noob yeah you GNA you
GNA just work out once or twice a week
and just grow like a
[ __ ] but the more advanced you
are the more frequent you have to train
I've been preaching this since 2011 guys
you need to increase your frequency
right a lot for example mechanic growth
factor you know everybody knows mechanic
growth factor right growth for one
activates igf1 igf1 has a splice called
mechanic growth factor and it's very
very very highly correlated with growth
well guess what it has like a it has a
half life for like what I think 24 hours
if you advance it's probably even
shorter so increase your frequency guys
so that you can manage this side of the
equation leading to bigger and um quick
G that's why I grew so fast everyone
seen it that's why I grew so fast when I
got on full body workouts I went I went
from training the same muscle once or
twice a week to three times a week along
with the other benefits of full body
workout where you also have more
recovery things like that now I'm not
saying you have to do full body workout
don't get me wrong you could grow on
split you could grow on whatever you
want but find any way you can to
increase your frequency and you will
stimulate the growth factors more and
more and more all right guys hope this
helps obviously there's other ways to
manage your growth factors I mentioned M
to taking breaks from the gym and all
that stuff but the point of the vi
Remains the Same after
this thing here all right guys te
through the alpha hope this video helped
comment below if I miss some things if
you want me to clarify things comment
below I'm going to answer in the comment
section or make another video and um
Thanks for liking thanks for supporting
the channel love you guys dominance
discipline
Direction segments so go in the comment
section and just vote vote on what you
think is your most requested uh topic
and then obviously the one that has the
most likes are the ones are going to you
know prioritize in case let's
