hey guys what going on Megan here all
right the most overrated and underrated
vitamins and minerals for testosterone
production for maximum testosterone as
you guys should know by now every single
vitamin and mineral plays a role whether
direct or indirect in testosteron so I'm
going to rank these based on the ones
that are the most overrated right cuz a
lot of them are and the ones that are
actually very very underrated and I see
people are very deficient in them
because they're underrated and remember
guys as I always say you should get the
majority of your vit and minerals from
Whole Foods not from supplement
supplement should only be a backup plan
for emergency situations you know such
as when you traveling if you're sick or
if you for whatever reason you couldn't
eat all of your all of your natural
healthy Whole Foods for the day all
right all right let's start vitamin A
Believe It or Not vitamin A is very
underrated for testosterone and I
already made a video explaining exactly
what each vitamin and mineral does for
testosterone how it increases it or how
it increases testosterone signaling so
I'm I'm not going to go into too many
technical explanations in this video
right I'm just going to get straight to
the point so vitamin A very very
underrated for testosterone production
and sure enough most people do not get
enough vitamin A from their diet at
least the bioavailable version eat a lot
of beef liver and you should be fine
right no no more than announce to day
announce to day is more than enough all
right next the B vitamins right
obviously I had to group them all into
one because it's a whole bunch of them
and the Tail list was going to be too
long uh but those are actually also
underrated for testosterone production
your body cannot make testosterone
without your B vitamins especially the
ones that are directly involved in
testicular production including
mitochondrial function and things like
that right not only they're important
for energy but they're also very
important for testosterone right and
that includes all the B vitamins it
includes B1 B2 B3 B5 B6 B7 B9 and also
B12 right so pretty much every B vitamin
is important and if you want to be
technical you could mention choline
right because it used to be referred to
as B but it's coming up on the list
anyway all right next we have vitamin C
vitamin C is underrated for testosterone
production everyone knows that it's
important for your immune system and
when your body is recovering from
illnesses but guys it is Paramount for
testosterone production right especially
as an antioxidant because as you know
the very production of testosterone
leads to oxidative stress but anyway
like I said I was going to avoid the
technical stuff so long story short it's
underrated if you want more explanations
as far as the mechanisms I'd be glad to
do that in future videos all right next
vitamin D vitamin D is properly rated
for testur in fact to be honest I I was
going to put in overrated because by now
everyone knows the importance of vitamin
D it's about goddamn time um but I'm
going to put in properly rated everyone
knows vitamin D uh is important for
testas and I have a whole video on
sunlight and all the other benefits uh
outside of vitamin D that sunlight
provides for testosterone next vitamin D
is extremely underrated for test
production it's not even close guys
almost everybody watching this video is
Def fishing vitamin I can guarantee you
guys in fact some studies show that for
young man it could be as high as 88 to
92% you know so pretty much 90% of young
men are deficient vitamin E and it is
very important for testosterone not to
mention the more junk food you eat the
more vitamin E you need right so not
only you guys are deficient of vitamin E
but because of your diet you need even
more of it right because a lot of you
guys eat like trash I look at the
reports right I looked at endless blood
works and endless chronometer reports in
the last several years right you guys
are so deficient in vitamin E and it is
nuking your tea levels next vitamin K2
it is very underrated for tone
production not K1 K2 very very
underrated I could make several videos
explaining exactly why and as you
guessed it most people don't get enough
vitamin G2 from their diets right
because you guys don't eat a lot of
fermented foods and you don't eat enough
egg yolks and even with egg yolks it's
very hard to get enough vitamin K2 right
uh next Boron Boron is still underrated
for T sty now I made a lot of videos
about boron in the past so now a lot
more people know about it uh cuz trust
me before I made the videos on Boran
nobody was talking about Boran you could
probably see one or two videos on it but
now everybody knows the importance of
Boran um well I wouldn't say everybody
but most people do so it went from
extremely underrated to underrated right
because people know about it but people
still don't get enough Boron from their
diets again from their diet not from
supplements next we have zinc and this
is going to Shu a lot of you guys you
might think that it's properly rated
right or even overrated right cuz almost
everyone in the Grandma knows the
importance of zinc but believe it or not
and I have a lot of videos who back this
up a lot of studies it is still
underrated for dyone production despite
the vast amount of people who know the
importance of zinc now I made so many
posts about it people still don't
understand how much zinc helps and how
much it's needed for testosterone and
DHD and and engine receptor signaling
and asadol uh you know the main estrogen
guys it is so underrated despite being
such a popular mineral uh and I'm going
to show you guys the studies uh in
future videos next magnesium is also
underrated for testos production right
everyone knows it's important for Sleep
everyone knows it's important for
inflammation and antioxidants and ATP
generation energy blah blah blah but
very few people know how important it is
for testosterone so magnesium underrated
and yes most people do not eat enough
magnesium especially when you factoring
the higher oxidative stress the exercise
the training the sweating all that stuff
and also the fact that a lot of these
nutrients compete with each other for
absorption and also the you know the
soil quality blah blah blah but look at
me going enough tangent again like I
said I promise not to get technical so
back to the simple stuff next selenium
selenium is also underrated for
testosterone production it's a very
powerful antioxidant has a lot of look
at me doing it again I keep forgetting
not to go into the maganis guys sorry
but all right next calcium calcium is
properly rated most people and their
grandmas know the importance of calcium
not just for testosterone but for bone
health and things like that so it is
properly rated and it's impact on
testosterone is uh it's mainly at the
you know at the brain level the
pituitary level saluan hormone things
like that it has some role in testicular
function but again uh it's very nuanced
it's very nuanced all right next
potassium Believe It or Not guys it is
extremely underrated and again I made a
lot of post about potassium guys it is
extremely underrated for testosterone
production and over 92% in some studies
up to 97% of people do not get enough
potassium right your diets are Garbage
Guys cuz you think you could just eat a
banana have enough potassium no you need
a lot of potassium um and this trend is
actually getting worse right people are
getting less and less potassium and it
is Paramount for testosterone especially
lutenizing hormone next I put sea but
really just sodium uh sodium is properly
rated you know you know no one is
overhyping or under hyping the
importance of sodium I was going to put
in underrated because people are
demonizing sodium like the plague but
it's properly rated when it comes to
testosterone next Iron Iron is properly
rated for testosterone production
everyone in their Grandma knows the
importance of iron I'm not sure if many
people know it's roll in testosterone
production but most people know that it
should get enough iron uh next we have
chromium chromium is properly rated for
testosterone production it main role is
in increasing insulin sensitivity you
know as a bunch of other the functions
in the body but uh it's properly rated
you know there's not a lot of hype
surrounding it and it's also not um
ignored next we have phosphorus
phosphorus is properly rated you know uh
very few people are deficient in
phosphorus I was going to put it
underrated because a lot of people don't
know that it plays a role into sty but
it's it's it's probably rated uh next we
have chloride I I picked the wrong
bottle this one say sodium chloride but
most people get the chloride from that
salt anyway uh that one is actually you
know again properly rated no one is
hyping you know no one is creating hyp
by chloride and we all know it's import
as an electrolyte uh next we have iodine
iodine is actually very underrated for
testosterone production especially
everyone knows the role in thyroid
Health you know I say everyone but most
people know his role in thyroid Health
uh but those people do not know the
importance between thyroid hormones and
testost production so that's why I'm
going to put it underrated next we have
manganese manganese is properly rated
for testas one I was going to put an
underrated again cuz most people know
it's rolled in t production but it's
properly rated um and most people are
getting enough uh next we have fluoride
I was going to put an overrated but no
one is saying that you should get
fluoride for testosterone we all know
that we should reduce our fluoride uh
exposure if anything so it's properly
rated next we have copper copper is
actually underrated you know because
there's a lot of Hypes around it zinc as
it should be right uh but people forget
that the more zinc you get the more
copper you also need which is another
reason why I'm against supplementing
with vitamins and minerals unless again
it's an extreme outlier emergency
scenario because if you supplement with
zinc eventually you're going to be
deficient in Copper whereas foods that
are naturally high in zinc tend to give
you copper as well um so people are
getting enough copper in their diets but
not relative to their zinc um especially
people who are supplementing zinc all
right next we have choline guys I'm
going to put this in extremely
underrated choline is extremely
underrated when it comes to taso and I
mean choline plays a role I should make
a whole dedicated gu on Coline that's
how important Coline is when it comes to
testosterone and just Health in general
um plays a role in methylation plays a
role in energy metabolism fat metabolism
cholesterol transport cognitive function
neural transmitter centesis uh I already
mentioned mulation uh you know Bain sent
I mean I could make a whole video on the
importance of Coline and again over 90%
of people don't get enough choline so
extremely underrated fo last one and
next we have vitamin K1 vitamin K1 I'm
actually going to put it underrated even
though most people if you eat enough
veggies you should get enough vitamin K1
but it's underrated when it comes to
testosterone uh mainly because people do
not know the link between vitamin K1 and
testosterone all right guys hope this
video helps don't forget a thumb up
subscribe and comment below to let me
know which Tail list you want me to make
next all right guys peace
