subscribe all right guys I swear this
time I'm really going to make it two
minutes like really like right now let's
go
boom okay let go um this video is to
answer a question that I get a lot best
rep range there's a lot of confusion
about what's the best rep range and
people say well that's not really
important yes the [ __ ] is it's really
important rep range
now some exercises require you to do
like high rep ranges some require to do
low rep there's tons of exercises out
there so you kind of like like man what
do I what do I do simple know what stage
you body than you if you're a beginner
I'm telling you right now for my
personal experience I don't care what
articles say out there for my personal
experience 12 to 15 rep range works for
beginners you know you you know you get
that newbie muscle another reason behind
that scientific reason behind that is
you want your body to adapt you know you
can't just be a newbie and start doing
six to eight reps heavy ass weights you
should be going to f between 12 to 15
reps get your body used to using those
muscles that you don't even have yet
right and you want to develop a mind
muscle connection a lot of us who
started lifting too heavy what happens
is you don't have mind muscle connection
because you were recruiting all these
different muscle groups and now you
can't even isolate you know um you can't
even find the the the length between
your mind and that muscle you're trying
to train so start with the 12 to 15 rep
range focus on slow control movements
cuz you're a newbie don't go to the gym
and start pumping weight don't do that
just slow control movements mind muscle
mind muscle once you develop that and
you become intermediate or Pro later on
and you go to heavy ass movements you
can still Flex the muscle as you pushing
or pulling you know cuz you have the M
muscle connection that's a mistake that
I wish I had fixed earlier but I'm still
working on it right now so if you're a
beginner or you've been Lifting for just
a few months or like you know under a
year I suggest 12 to 15 get your mind
used to using the muscle get that
connection established now if you're a
pro or you're an intermediate you know
you've been Lifting for a while or you
used to lift and you got back into it
like me um 6 to eight reps that's the
best rep Ranch for building muscle if
you already have muscle you know what I
mean like if you don't have a tricep you
can't even see your tricep when you're
flexing don't do 6 to eight reps 12 to
15 get the blood pumping in stretch out
oh my
God stretch out the um this video is
over so yeah stretch out the um the
faster tissue and things like that the
focus on just 12 to 15 if you're a
beginner if you you know like
intermediate or Advanced 6 to eight reps
heavy by six you should be struggling
seven and eight should be with your
spotter so six and and then seven and
eight your spot should help you and make
sure as you lifting guys it's not just
how many reps you're doing it's how many
quality reps make sure as you're lifting
every movement you squeezing the muscle
I don't I every time I train with my
friend I get so mad because he just
pushes the weight up trying to get to 12
or six or eight I'm like dude just
stretch the muscle Flex the muscle I
mean then bring the weight up it's
completely different from this
and this cuz you actually flexing the
muscle as you're pushing the weight up
and you feel the cool guys and that's
how you build muscle so it is like Kevin
says so it is man but um yeah guys so
like that's my video on the best repr I
hope it answers your question now you
might disagree but hey [ __ ] you I'm just
playing um yeah that's what works for me
and that's what works for a lot of
people so
guys uh see also remember your um your
muscle goal what are you trying to
accomplish with that muscle and when the
video's over guys subscribe team 3D
