hey guys what's up currently uh I'm
doing a lot of research on bodybuilding
obviously and anatomy and things like
that and I'm always on scholar. Google
looking at the most recent journals and
and
Publications in physiology and right now
the
buzz is uh is on Lucine uh I don't know
if you guys are aware should be but um
they find out that um Lucine is the out
of old the BCAA locen is actually the
most ENT one when it comes to opening up
uh the Mt pathway I'm pretty sure you
guys know what that is you know you
can't build muscle without the uh the Mt
pathway opening up as you you know as
you would say and loosing um obviously
physical training you know you know
lifting weights is one where of opening
up the pathway but then again if you
train for too long without having to Del
loading period you know the the m to
pathway becomes less less
sensitive less responsive but if found
out Lucine uh is actually uh one of the
most powerful um components you know
when it comes to opening up that pathway
they had obviously they did a study they
had two groups one group ingested
carbohydrates post-workout carbohydrates
only the other group ingested
protein uh and
carbohydrates and the the third group
sorry there's three groups the third
group ingested protein carbohydrates and
Lucine and the group that had the extra
Lucine had
significantly higher um well positive
response than uh than than all the other
groups combined so they have more than
the carbs group carbs don't cause growth
everybody knows that uh they have more
than the protein and carbs group also so
uh they started to you know single eye
Lucien and they find out that Lucen is a
great great great agent at uh opening up
the the pathway and things like that so
um it's also U it spikes the [ __ ] out of
your insulin you know this is one of the
reasons why uh egg whites and things
like that um I mean egg yolks just eggs
in general Spike insulin is because of
the loose content you guys know eggs are
very high and Lucine one of the highest
uh sources of Lucine naturally so uh I'm
still doing more research on it I'm
thinking about buying a in fact I'm
going to buy a Lucine supplement I never
had one before I I had bcas before but
you know man I don't really care I
didn't know how to use that [ __ ] but I'm
going to try to buy a Lucine supplement
and experiment for a brief period of
probably 30 to 40 days and I'll let you
guys know how it works but uh I'm going
to try to put the link in the
description you guys you know go out
there and check out the study for
yourself if you already experimented
with Lucan let me know what you think
but um conclusion Lucan is great
post-workout cuz it spikes the [ __ ] out
of your insulin you don't want to take
that pre-workout you want to take that
post-workout and it's a great way to
build muscle and minimize fat gains all
right guys stay tuned for more videos
like this I'm
out oh and I forgot to to mention one of
the um the biggest uh uh Shockers in
that study was that people that took
loose scene uh post-workout had when
after after when you measure the amino
acid concentration in the blood their
amino acid levels were elevated 145% I
believe it is 145% above Baseline as
opposed to the group who didn't take
glucan it was only elevated 40% so from
40% to 145% that's a big ass Gap so it's
worth investigating so I'm going look
into it make sure it's not a scam or
anything like that and like I said I'll
let you guys know peace
[Music]
out
[Music]
