is the biggest predictor of how much
muscle mass you have
hey guys going on megan here all right
what is the best predictor of muscle
mass not performance wise where i'm
going to make a second video just for
performance metrics this is just
measurements ideally anthropometric
stuff so like your arm size your bmi
your ffmi
your height your lean body mass your
neck size next circumference of course
that also includes you know wrist and
you know ankle all that [ __ ] your
body fat percentage your total weight
your weight size and your clavicle with
right so how wide how broad your
shoulders are right so if you were to
give someone one metric what is the best
predictor of your muscle mass right
because they all have pros and cons but
we want to know what is the most
important one and the reason it's
important to know is because that's what
you should focus on as the lifter as
someone trying to maximize muscle growth
the winner of this category is the main
thing you should focus on when trying to
maximize muscle growth right so let's
start randomly you guys remember the
chair list i'm about to not that's best
of the best [ __ ] amazing second best
okay it's like average bad
self-explanatory pure garbage that's the
worst all right so let's pick him at
random
let's start with your neck man you're
next to conference that's bad right that
doesn't tell me [ __ ] right you could
have a broad leg neck like jeff king or
you could have a huge mexican friends
and be this dude over here right so
you're next to come friends if you can
only give me one metric one number
doesn't tell me [ __ ] about how much
muscle you have next bmi again bad you
guys already know
two people can have the exact same bmi
if one guy is more muscular obviously
that throws the whole measurement out of
the window right you could have a bmi of
30 and be obese and you could have a bmi
30 and be the most jacked [ __ ]
on the planet so bmi bad next your
weight i want to put your weight out
okay uh obviously if you 400 pounds you
know that doesn't really tell me you
have a lot of muscle but keep in mind
obese people have a lot of lean muscle
even underneath all that fat the reason
you guys don't see it is because when
they lose the fat they also lose a lot
of the muscle so i'm gonna put that okay
because yes your weight doesn't really
tell me much but let's be honest if i
say hey give me one number you tell me
you're 30 [ __ ] pounds then i don't
give a [ __ ] you are scrawny as [ __ ] so
i'm putting it out okay because you know
uh it's not a good predictor how much
muscle you have right because someone
can look jacked at 150 pounds and
someone can look scrunting at 150 pounds
but it's right there in the middle
because at the extremes it tells me a
lot you know again if you're 40 pounds i
don't care what your picture looks like
you don't have any muscle on you next
your arm size i'm going to put i'm going
to put that about yeah i'm going to put
that about as well same reason right you
could have you can have a massive arm
size and be phil heath or you could have
an even bigger arm and be this trick
over here right so telling me your arm
size doesn't really tell me much the
reason why it's not at pure garbage is
because there's a limit right for
example if you say your arm if you say
your own size is [ __ ]
10 inches yeah that's all i need to know
about the amount of muscle you carry
next your body fat percentage that does
not tell me anything
right the only reason why it's not a
pure garbage is because again there's a
limit right so if your body fat
percentage is five percent you could be
shredded out of your mind or you could
be anorexic right so your body fat
percentage by itself doesn't tell me
much but at the extremes it tells me you
know a little bit for example if you say
hey i'm 60 body fat
yeah you know i kind of have an idea how
much muscle mass you carry so that's why
it's not a pure garbage right because it
tells me something but not most things
next your weight size again that doesn't
tell me much want to put that at bad you
could have a very very very tiny waist
and be brian
or you can have a tiny tiny waist again
and be anorexic so it doesn't really
tell me much uh but the reason why i
stand up your garbage same reason as the
other ones right if you tell me your
waist size is [ __ ] 50 inch yeah that
that kind of tells me
uh
some things about the amount of muscle
mass you carry next your guys your
clavicle width i was going to put that
at bad but i'm going to put that in pure
garbage right how wide your clavicles
are do not tell me anything about how
much muscle mass you have right keep in
mind this list is about how much muscle
mass you have now not how much muscle
you can put on your frame right that's a
whole different video
right and having narrow or you know
broad shoulders doesn't tell me anything
about much muscle you have you could
have broad shoulders and be a twig right
or you could have very very neck narrow
shoulders or
narrow clavicles and be philly right
that's one thing phil heath was
criticized for you know in his early
days he had a very very
uh he had a very narrow build right so
your sugar weight doesn't really tell me
much now it tells me about your
potential
uh to add muscle but that's not what the
vita is about next your lean body mass
believe it or not i want to put your
lean body mass to [ __ ] amazing
because it does tell me uh it gives me a
good estimate of how much muscle mass
you carry right by itself now of course
it's not perfect because again yeah i
mean weight over 300 pounds meanwhile
all know it was only about 230 right 230
235 right so yeah i mean obviously it
had more lean body mass than i don't
know that doesn't mean he has more
muscle than uh then i don't know so lean
body mass is great it tells me a lot
about you in fact even if you're obese
right even if you 50 60 body fat right
you're gonna have a lot of lean body
mass on you underneath all that fat so
your lean body mass does tell me um
gives me an idea how much muscle a
person has but it's not the full picture
because of course taller people are
gonna have a higher lean body mass as
well as fatty people next your height
again you're high i'm going to put that
at bat right your height doesn't tell me
anything about how much muscle yeah
right lead priest one of the most sore
bodybuilders of all time was only what
five four five five right meanwhile i
look at my new bowl right tall as [ __ ]
what was he seven seven seven six right
so your height doesn't tell me anything
about how much muscle you have now again
it tells me a lot about how much muscle
you can put on but once again that's for
a different video in fact some of the
most jag bodybuilders are short as hell
last but not least your fat free mass
index ffmi i'm about to not category
guys if you can only give me one number
just one number regardless again this is
not combined with anything else meaning
just one number
your fat free mass index is the biggest
predictor of how much muscle mass you
have how jack you are
is it perfect of course not no
measurement metric is perfect i mean
even height comes with its own pros and
cons for example like some people have
long ass necks and some people have long
legs short torsos but what are you gonna
say oh we we're not gonna use height as
a measurement of height anymore because
your grandma has a long neck and your
uncle has longer legs and the shoulders
also you know what i'm about to say [ __ ]
your grandma and your uncle right we
pick the best of what we have and right
now the best predictor is fat free mass
index if i know your ffmi which factors
in lean body mass body fat percentage of
course that's how you get lean body mass
in your height i know so much
information about hijacked you are
without even seeing your picture and
like i said of course it's not perfect
for example the higher your body fat
percentage
chances are the higher your fmi is going
to be but trust me even if you 50 body
fat your fmi is not going to put you
into super jack olympia ifbb
calor type category right so ffmi even
when you look at the pros and cons is
the best the single best predictor how
much muscle mass you currently have and
whether you're natural or enhanced
that's the number that you should pay
close attention to yeah of course you
know it helps to measure everything else
but you should know what your ffmi is
and you should try your best to increase
it to the best of your abilities i'm
gonna make a whole separate video
breaking down for fmi because there's a
lot of confusion about it my only issue
it is that most people drastically
underestimate the body fat percentage
but i made a video about that so check
it out
make sure when you're calculating your
ffmi you do not add inches to your
height and you do not underestimate your
body fat percentage everyone who's 15
body fat thinks that 10 everyone who's
25 body fat thinks that 20
so look at the video i made recently
about body fat so you can get an
accurate idea of where you lie anyway
stay tuned for that for my video see you
in the comment section don't forget to
join the reddit peace out all right guys
don't forget to like or share the video
subscribe and hit the bell and buy my
hsb nucleus of a little training program
it's the ultimate program for maximum
muscle growth it includes full body
workout splits bros place push pull home
workouts you name it also comes with a
complete guide for macros nutrition fat
loss muscle growth hormones
including a meal plan it's pretty much
all my 16 years of experience
condensed into one [ __ ] book you're
also gonna get free copies of any future
edition so visit team3d alpha.com and
you can use the 40 off coupon code
nucleus overlord or you could just buy
this [ __ ] at full price alright guys i'm
outta here
