hey guys what's going on it's your
brother here
Megan to my future kings out there but
anyway guys quick video on my way to
work I'm going to try to make these
every morning if I can you know a little
inspirational video every morning um
lack of
motivation bordom whatever you want to
call it bordom lack of motivation cuz to
me they they're the same thing you know
when you don't have motivation you end
up being bored lack of motivation is
your body's way of telling you that you
have stopped using your
imagination I repeat lack of motivation
is your body's way of telling you that
you have stopped using your imagination
it is Nature's way of telling you you
have studies in your imagination it is
the universe's way God's way of telling
you that you have stop being creative we
are we are we are supposed to be fueled
by imagination you know Napoleon said
imagination rules the world every great
conqueror that ever lived could not have
have went as far as the day without
their imagination you need your
imagination to not only Envision the
future that you desire but you need your
imagination to draw out the the map that
will get you to the Future that you you
know you want to be in like even if for
those of you who believe in destiny
right even if Destiny reveals this stuff
to you and tells you hey I'm Destiny I
am your destiny here's what I want you
to become and I want you to be this
great blah blah blah right you will need
your
imagination to to map out the roads that
you have to take to get there you know
you need your imagination if you this is
a a fitness channel so if you want to
have a certain physique you need your
imagination to picture the the shoulders
you want to put on your physique the the
back you want to put on your physique
the chest the arms that you want to put
on your physique if you want to there's
a a certain girl or a certain type of
girl that you want to attract you know
and I believe everything is possible if
you use your imagination if there
certain type of girl that you want to
attract you will need your imagination
to see the type of person uh uh the
attractive person that you will be you
know like you need imagin for pretty
much everything you know and um when you
stop using your imagination and I made a
video before tell you guys that we have
two eyes we have our physical eyes which
allows me to see this camera right now
allows me to see the people in front of
me and then that's the that's your first
eyes and your second eyes and I believe
the most important is your mind's eye
your imagination it is what shows you
what could be I I always say your eyes
show you what is but your imagination
your mind's eyes shows you what can be
right when you look in the mirror you
use your physical eyes to see your
physique right now you go okay that's
what I look like but your imagination
could show you man you can look like
this you can look like that you know
it's so
important you know to uh to use that
muscle that I call your imagination I
call it a muscle because the more you
use it the more it grows you know and
it's not like uh your imagination is not
like your physical muscles where it
doesn't get overtrained you know you
could overtrain your physical muscles
you don't overtrain your imagination you
know you could keep training your
imagination over and over again you just
keep getting bigger and bigger and keep
growing and growing and growing you know
you have to use your imagination it's
not something that's that you buy or you
purchase from somebody else you were
born with a with an imagination just
like Albert Einstein was we were all
born with a certain degree of
imagination but a lot of our creativity
got destroyed through society and
through the stress and the the belief
that you have to be you know get up go
to school go to work you know come home
repeat the cycle watch TV you know so we
you know we socialize into thinking that
we don't even need our imagination when
you really need it you know don't think
that don't don't believe in the whole
don't try to reinvent the principle you
know the belief that everything is
already out there you don't need to
invent anything or create anything no
don't believe in that your imagination
still has work to do if it didn't you
wouldn't have it so uh use your
imagination guys if you don't use it
you'll be bored you'll be demotivated
you'll be sitting at home like man man I
don't feel like doing nothing I just
want to play I just want to play video G
I just want to watch TV you know like
you now you become a leaf blown by the
wind the the wind blows left you go left
the wind blows North you go north you
don't want that you want to be that fish
that swims against the current but that
fish that goes against the current is
because he's headed towards something
his imagination saw something drew a map
for him and he's following that all
right so guys the next time you Bor
remember it's Nature's we telling you
bro you you have to stop dreaming you
stop dreaming you stop you know when
we're kids we used to dream all the time
you know that's why kids are so
intelligent we're so passionate when
we're kids we used to dream I want to be
this I want to be a firefighter I want
to be a pilot I want to be a national we
had all these dreams that fueled Us and
got us got us up out of bed you know and
as we got older we stopped using that
that wonderful imagination and we became
went from magicians to just regular
peasants you know just working working
machines right so next time you Bor just
remember what it means guys use it use
that creativity dream what I like to do
is I always take a piece of paper I
believe your future begins with a piece
of paper I take a piece of paper and I
draw my future I draw the future that I
want to see I draw the physique that I
want to have I draw the room that I want
to be in I draw the car that I want to
drive I draw you know even though I'm
not I'm not binging into material things
but I I try to draw a picture of a
future that's different than today and
then that's different than yesterday and
it activates you know my passion to want
to Excel and out of nowhere I begin to
have you know thoughts and and and plans
on how to get to that picture that I
drew on paper you know so let's you know
try doing that pull out a piece of paper
and draw the future that you want to
have you know if you big on material
things hey I'm not against you you know
draw the money draw yourself like money
all around you whatever it is but you
got to give yourself that image that
image of what you want and I guarantee
you once you've done
that so a matter of time it'll come to
you all right this is Megan here
remember use your imagination
daily
