what's going on guys video of me doing
cheat curls at the end of our full body
workouts we like doing arms at the end
because um they get burnt out doing the
the main movements of back and chest and
whatever so we just hit them at the end
uh this this particular time we're doing
just five reps started with a little
warm up and then we just went
up um I like doing cheat CS uh like I
said when your biceps are done I like uh
overloading them with
a lot of weight so I don't care if my my
back goes in lower back goes in I really
don't care all the great biceps in
history the cheat curls uh long as I
feel it so good plus I find out a good
exercise for the upper back also believe
it or not so uh you know I'm an upper
back wh so I don't mind doing it anyway
random
videos
