hey guys what's up how's it going Megan
here um first before you watch this
video watch the I'm going to put the
link right here watch the first video I
made on this topic uh about insulin
sensitivity and things like that insulin
resistance why it's important to have uh
a High um insulin um sensitivity and um
pretty much a low insulin resistance so
just watch that video I break it down
otherwise you won't really understand
this one but anyway so uh this video is
about the the top three things you could
do well I don't want to say the top
three things but that's what I'm doing
I'm just letting you guys know what I'm
doing cuz I can only comment confidently
on something that I'm doing something
that I've tried something that I've done
right I don't like knocking things that
I haven't tried even if it sounds bogish
you guys know My Philosophy I keep an
open mind if I've never tried it I'm not
going to put it vertical I might just
give you an opinion but this is stuff
that I've done so I'm confident in what
I'm saying so um this is remember guys
this is for I explained in the first
video This is for people that are that
struggle with body fat right if you're
an them off or you a guy that that
really can't eat whatever the [ __ ] you
want and not get fat and there other
people like that out there um then this
video is really not for you but if you
people like me if you're skinny fat or
you just fat period and every time you
you eat anything um high and carage if
you get fat or whatever and this video
is for you that means you have you know
obviously uh a high insulin resistance
so um that's why I I I tell people
that's why the if effici a macro diet
thing that doesn't work for everybody
right this is mostly Works people that
are naturally skinny if you look at the
pictures before they started Bing they
were skinny guys were ectomorphs so they
could eat a [ __ ] ton of carbs or
whatever the [ __ ] they want and still
make games I know I have tons of friends
like that so I know where I'm coming
from I have plenty of friends that could
eat as many cars as they one go over my
[ __ ] mackerel and I'm way more than
the [ __ ] right and never put an
ounce of fat and when it start working
out they put they put on muscle so quick
right we call them easy gers whatever
but it's all about insulin resistance
and and [ __ ] like that so anyway so not
everything is going to work for
everybody right so if your body fat
percentage is always high every time you
try to go on the bug you put on way more
fat than you than you plan that this
video is for you so anyway top three
things that you could do to increase
your um insulin sensitivity right you
want to be more you want to be more
sensitive to insulin when you eat carbs
you want the insulin to take the cars
you know mostly to your muscle cells and
your liver and things like that you
don't want a lot of your carbs to be
stoled as as fat you know that's our
biggest problem so what you do is number
one your carbs right people that say
meal timing is irrelevant once again
that's for skinny people skinny people
could eat whatever they want before bed
after bed in the morning uh during sex
whatever wi massing it doesn't matter
but if you in that scenario you know
this video is for you um you want to you
want to make sure you you know when to
eat your cars right that's why D like
car back loading and and um anime
fasting works so well is because the
longer you go without eating carbs right
the longer you go without eating carbs
the more sensitive your body you know is
to insulin it makes sense you know like
the if you go long if you eat a lot of
carbs every single [ __ ] day and you
already have poor um you bad to manage
your insulin what's going to happen is
your body's going to stop responding you
know you're going to be insulin
resistant as [ __ ] and muscle color is
going to restor as fat and if you go a
long period of time without eating carbs
then your body is ready it's waiting
it's waiting for the next the next
intake of carbs and when you do eat that
[ __ ] it's going to go to the right
places right not just your fat cells but
also your muscle cells and things like
that so that's why in minute fasting car
didn't work so well because you you
increasing the period of time you go
with our carbs and then during a small
amount of time a small window you
backloading you're eating a lot of carbs
when your body will you know know know
knows how to use it so number one is
your carb right so for this fappable out
there I'm not saying cut your carbs you
don't want to cut your carbs you know
unless you're like really really obese
then you might I want to you don't want
to cut ACR your CS are amazing right you
cannot put on in say muscle mass if you
on a low C diet rightless show the juice
so I'm not saying cut your cars but know
when to eat your carbs eat your carbs
post-workout everybody knows that eat
them post-workout and make sure after
you eat your carbs you go a long period
of time without eating them again that's
why carb cycling is so effective so
people don't understand carback loading
is simply an advanced version of car
cycling right the the great some of the
greatest body builders use car cycling
because it works that's what you go
couple CS when you go like 3 days or 2
days low carb one day super high carbs
and 3 days low carbs one day super high
carbs and you stay lean because when you
go I explained before when you go you
know what i c for a long time your
insulin sensitivity goes up which is
great so um manage your CBS wisely right
you could try car backloading you could
try inent fasting or you can try car
cycling right just make sure you have
periods of time when you go super low
cars and then follow by Peri of time
when you go really high so that's number
one C timing not meal timing C
timing uh mostly after your workouts CU
that that's when I'm not going to go to
details but postwork workout it's the
best time to eat CS you know even even
uh uh High uh even bad CS as people call
them the second thing you want to do is
uh training right you want to train with
high volume why because when you train
with high volume not only you increase
insulin um sensitivity but you deplete
your glycogen stores and when your
glycogen stores are depleted it's very
hard to store fat right most of the cars
you eat are going to go to replenish
your stores and go to your sell and
stuff like that so train with high
volume that's twoo so if you're one of
those people that are fat as [ __ ] or put
on fat too quickly make sure you
training with high volume I'm not saying
it decrease the intensity you still want
to live heavy and [ __ ] but you want to
increase the volume every time you go to
the gym you want to make sure you
[ __ ] you're not going to deplete you
got STS in one workout but you want to
come very close and you want to trade
more frequently obviously the more
frequent you train the more insulin
resist you become and the third thing
you know to just end this video I want
to keep keep it show the third thing
simply supplement with cinnamon right
I'm low budget so I'm not going to go
into the the the chromium and all the
other supplements you can take to
increase it to increase insulin
sensitivity but um just take cinnamon
cinnamon has impr proven you know to to
HUB you know with insulin sensitivity so
just put cinnam in in everything right
put C them in in your o maal put cinam
in in your on on whatever I put C in on
my [ __ ] steak I know it's nasty but
hey you got to do what you got to do so
um these are the top three ways for me
to [ __ ] with my exent sensitivity you
know what I'm saying like I I I make
sure I backload I eat cars only post
workout and I you know if I don't need
cars are only here for one purpose for
energy right that's the number one
purpose energy if you're not if I'm not
going to train for two days I'm not
eating a lot of cars it makes no [ __ ]
sense right I only eat the carbs to get
ready for the next workout so and so
that's number one number
two is uh the training train with high
volume so always keep your Galen stores
you know depleted after you know after
you eat and [ __ ] like that and number
three is uh I take cinnamon so hope this
video helps make sure you watch that
first video while I go into more details
peace
[Music]
out
