[Music]
hey guys what's up team 3D this where
I'm at the Lion's
house welcome back to Matt we about to
play a quick game of chess and Matt has
something very interesting
to tell the YouTube world
how give me one
second so today
guys I was in the library you know for
this class not on my own accord but we
were doing research on any topic that we
wanted so naturally I was like
okay we I had to pick like one or two
keywords I picked muscle growth or yeah
muscles and and or testosterone and
hypertrophy you know muscle mass what I
found was on this this peer review
journal on neuro Neuroscience of
course we found out the spa spal cords
okay you know like spinal cords and
nerves they're all these long axons just
bundles of nerves in rats when they were
injured when they were injected with
testosterone they found that
testosterone has neuroprotective effects
and neuroproliferative effects so it
helped what happened was in English in
English yeah what I'm saying what
happens was um any muscles that were
injured during the for the rat or
whatever and the back the nerve endings
literally when you they injected
testosterone the the doctors
testosterone the nerve endings grew
through the muscles they grew back okay
helping the muscles get get stronger and
harder and recover faster this was when
an injection with testosterone as as
opposed to the control group which
didn't get anything they just had hurt
backs hurt spinal cords they didn't heal
but when injected with testosterone we
found that not only do the muscles get
better but the nerves grow back they're
actually regenerate so what does that
mean that means testosterone helps doing
that means testosterone can help you get
more muscle like muscle mass you hurt
yourself like every day when you hurt
when you go to the gym you're actually
hurting your muscles you're tearing
you're doing little microfiber tears
that gives your nerves cuz your nerves
they inate well they they literally
weave themselves through the muscle so
the nerves when you tear your muscles
the nerves then have room to grow and go
through the muscles and get more
nutrients more blood more oxygen to your
muscles and just give you more muscle
mass so pretty much lesson of the day is
keep your testosterone levels high right
yep do the four what are they call the
four king exercises um squats dead lips
bench press milkk
guar in compound movements in general
they also found you know this was
another study I was reading about
compound old men elderly men when they
were giv testosterone you know um that
they got stronger they were frail men in
the beginning they got stronger and um
had an overall quality higher quality
you oh [ __ ] you look them out the cage
all the time yeah yo they going to knock
[ __ ] put them [ __ ] back in all right
man you had told me to out the Cav man y
heard Paris Paris p hurt like a
[ __ ] man [ __ ] pgo we turning
your Poké
ball we playing chess he going to Peck
my fingers
man guys point of the video is just try
and do everything you can to increase
your testosterone levels a lot of
compound movements rest between two to
three minutes if you going for strength
and size if you're going for hypertrophy
it's a whole different story but right
now if you're focusing on if you're
skinny you focus on putting on mask
really fast focus on compound movements
it's not just the for King exercise
those are the four king but you also
have um t-ball rolls B over rolls uh
dips pull-ups you know so guys jack it
up all right anything else you want to
say man y um no that's it man all right
man that's it let's get get on with this
game and chess every turn PG to his
Pokéball
man
