Meg here so I get a lot of questions
about thyroid because I mentioned it
every single video and I'm like oh
increase your tea levels I mean your
thyroid levels don't lower them too much
and obviously as you would expect a lot
of questions on what is your thyroid now
for that one I'm not going to get mad at
you guys because I don't think I made a
lot of videos of it in the past I do
mention it in every single video and in
the comment section but I'm not too sure
if I want to details about it in the
past I may have so you get off the hook
with that anyway so pretty much your th
when I say thyroid I'm referring to T3
right so this is obviously the homo that
speeds up your metabolism long story
short right it's the home when I when
you see somebody has a fast metabolism n
out of 10 he has very very high T3
levels now you got understand guys
thyroid is probably the second most
important hormone after leptin right in
terms of metabolism it's if your thyroid
levels are high how how does your body
make thy right obviously everything
starts in the brain right hypothalamus
goes to the petuary gland p blah same
same pattern just like testosterone and
everything else right hypothalamus
petuary gland and your th is located you
know down here so when it releases it it
it doesn't release T3 it releases T4
right so it has
four I'm not going to go into chemistry
behind it pretty much it's T4 it has to
be converted to T3 by losing the iodine
right because when I go into the details
the video becomes too long so when T4 in
T4 as long as it's in T4 it's not very
[ __ ] active it's kind of like
testosterone you know it's bound to like
alamin it has to become free to stop
before you know you get the effects T4
has to become converted to T3 in order
for it to get you know to uh to have its
effect and again that can't happen when
you stress out that can't happen when
your carbs are too low that can't happen
when your C theol is too high you know
in fact when you C is too high it
becomes revers T3 which which does the
opposite um
so so when I'm always like oh increase
your CS or you know lower your stress or
you know increase your th that's what
I'm referring to is the conversion of T4
to T3 you know because you could have
high T4 levels and high and low T3
levels T3 is where is really where it
[ __ ] matters and U pretty much how it
works it speeds up your metabolism right
every single cell of your body has like
T3 receptors and how does it do it again
it increases transcription right I made
videos about transcription you guys
know protein seses is in is pretty much
you know in two steps you have
transcription and you have translation
transcription is when your body goes to
the DNA reads the genetic code right and
then has to copy that before it's
translated that's called transcription
right so it goes to DNA goes oh right
you know this is the sequence of amino
acids I have to put together in order to
create blah blah blah right it copies
that called mRNA that leaves the nucleus
goes into the cytoplasm and now your
body takes the amino acid that you eat
and starts to put them together based on
the code based on the instructions that
it read of the DNA right now translation
begins that's where M comes in and your
body starts to put the Amun acids
together like you know you have new
proteins right muscle tissue hair
whatever T3 increases the transcription
part so it increases your body's ability
to read the genetic code and copy
it when your metabolism is too low or
when your T3 levels are low due to
cutting your calories too low or not
eating enough carbs or you know being
too stressed you inhibiting that process
that's why your metabolism kind of slows
down because there's less transcription
so there's less translation meaning
there's less production of new tissues
does that make sense so very very very
important at the at the molecular level
at a DNA level that your T3 levels are
optimized that's I always tell people
hey man you got problems and you ask me
for advice first thing I'm always going
to ask you is how your hormone levels
I'm not going to tell you oh you know
just go ahead and do this general advice
you know if you have hypo you know
thyroidism or you have insulin
resistance or leptin resistance or
chronically low you know uh T we have to
fix that first before we try to you know
I was compare that to the guy that has
the headache because he didn't eat for a
week and go to the doctor and like hey I
need help and the doctor keep him Tien
all what is that going to [ __ ] do
that's going to fix the symptom but not
the you know the cause so you have to
get to the root understand how thought
works and make sure that it's optimized
all right hope this video helps I hope
that answers the the majority of the
question on what the hell is you know
thyroid and why it's so important you
know and things like that I'm not going
to go into the details if you want
comment below but that should do the
trick for now uh yeah I think that's it
so again and again how to increase your
thyroid I mentioned several times eat
enough food you know uh get enough cars
in your diet all right comment your
question below subscribe if you're new
like the video if you [ __ ] with Team 3D
I'm out of
here
got
