hey guys what's going on Megan here just
got back from I hav doing these videos
in a long time so got back from Walmart
after work and school and U my new
budget for food is actually $50 a week
now cuz I'm going even lower budget guys
just to save up for um for the future
once again I'm trying to plan this trip
um for the summer cuz Matt I think it's
Matt's last year and um we trying to go
to Texas to call out with PG again
hopefully Vince going to be there this
time hope you [ __ ] watch events but
anyway so I'm trying to save up a lot of
money uh plus I got the baby and things
like that so uh cut down my budget you
know I have my my finances on Excel so I
just go out there and have my budget for
everything for food bodybuilding [ __ ] uh
gas bills so my for me to save enough
money until like August July I'm not
really sure it's not really guaranteed
you know I still got to like talk with
crais and all that [ __ ] but um for me to
have enough money saved up by then um I
you know I got to spend about $50 a week
on food right I could spend more but I
just want to have extra left over just
in case so I just got the basics and
believe it or not it's possible I'm the
king of little budget it's possible to
to to uh to buy the build of $50 a week
on food if you know what you're buying
if you're buying the right stuff and
you're not just you're not eating ACC CU
this $50 for me on food that includes
eating out so you know I got to be very
careful with it so anyway um I had to I
don't know if I made a video about this
[ __ ] right but that's the filter water
bottle that Walmart has by bre you got
to replace um every you got to replace
the filter every two months it's only
eight bucks right and it last you for a
long [ __ ] time every two months you
got to replace the filter U the filters
are like6 $6 they come in packs of two
so you save a lot of money it's better
than um buying water bottles plus I mean
the filtering system I don't know how it
works it's some [ __ ] wizardy [ __ ]
guys it's really really good you could
take like at my school the water tastes
like straight cancerous ass right but
you put the water in there and just
drink it right away you don't get none
of that chase guys it filters it somehow
but I went back and bought a brand new
one cuz I got that when it was on sale
and it was green I really don't like
that color nothing against the Green
[ __ ] but um I prefer gray or
black my fav color is actually black
black and gray you know so I went to got
a new one I'm going to throw this out
but anyway
uh so my [ __ ] came out to like 30
something you take out that doesn't
count as my food budget so uh my
spending really came out to uh I'll do
the match with you guys I got this
chicken breast right it comes with 12
servings so if you eat about three a day
uh it's going to last you about 4 days
if you eat two a day it's going to last
you 6 days you know I grocery shop every
seven days every week so I got the
chicken
breast uh that was only guys this is
amazing I mean this is this is uh 100
calories 2 G of fat uh 20 g of protein
this whole thing was like I think six
something like seven bucks of tax all
right so it's really good I got some
pork uh the only way I make my chicken
taste good I told you guys I brine it
right so I got to do it overnight a long
prep time throw it in the Frid in the
fridge so I also bought pork just in
case I don't feel like Browning chicken
I'm in a rush this cooks really fast and
you don't have to brine it you know it's
really tender it's really good so this
was uh
576 this was 605 so that's already like
uh 11 bucks plus that uh that's like 17
bucks and then I got some tomato paste
that's like a dollar just to make like
you know onion soup to eat it with my
red rice it's the only cup I really eat
uh
unless I'm backloading when I'm
backloading I'll show you guys in a
minute uh otherwise white rice is my
main source of CA and I have some citus
I made a lot of videos about the
importance of alkal alkalinizing I
cannot say that word keeping your body
alkalinized there you go and um lemons
have vitamin C right the high alinity on
top of pineapples as well pineapples are
really good for aalin so anyway
um uh it's really going to help you
balance out the acidic di body booing
right I made a video about that like a
year ago
bodybuilding foods are really really
acidic guys check your pH level is
probably very very [ __ ] high you
don't got to go to the doctor for that
[ __ ] you can take like a pH trip and you
could tell because uh whoever's uh I
hope no kids are watching whoever's
giving you hat whatever they'll tell you
they'll tell you that y'all man your
[ __ ] just kind of a s you know it tastes
really bad when you eat a lot of fruits
and you echaniz your body your mushroom
tip juice is going to taste a lot better
well but obviously you won't know I hope
you won't [ __ ] know but the shorty
will tell you whoever you messing with
um so I got some onions right I do a lot
of my cooking onions and I got some a
spray for like the jam and [ __ ] like
that when I get back from the gym and I
have to go back to work real quick you
don't want to really smell too bad uh
use this and that's it guys just came
out to the food was around 20 something
like 25 under 30 um this is not is
outside of my food budget and I it
that's all I got and that's going to
last me about 7 days cuz I still got my
protein shck that Simon sent me and um I
just know how to budget my [ __ ] plus I
got some food C from last time so I'm
good you $50 under $50 and I'm good for
a week all right guys team 3D down
discipline Direction hey guys what's
going on quick video um how to increase
your upper chest upper backs once again
I'm going to give you guys both my my
anecdote My Bro Science and what this
the literature says what the scientific
research says so when you combine it all
together I'm going to make them in one
two three number one is the dumbbell
incline press right believe it or not
the barbell incline press
