so group one was able to make
significant gains meanwhile look at
group two look at this guys
now you see why it is so important to
keep cortisol levels low both during and
after your workout look at the
difference in muscle growth from the
group that kept cortisol low as you can
see roughly a 20 increase in gains and
the group that kept cortisol high right
a amount of gains in type 1 muscle
fibers
and type 2 muscle fibers actually
regressed so they actually lost type 2
which are fast twitch muscle fibers
anyway what's going on guys megan here
let's take a look at this quick study
here let's pull out the scouts so they
looked at two groups of people right one
group was given a carbohydrate drink
while they were working out so intra
workout drink nothing special about it
no special supplement just carbs in
order to keep cortisol low and the other
group was given a placebo right so you
know basic no one in any group had
any idea what they were getting right
they didn't know if they were getting
the carbohydrate substance or the
placebo and they were put through a
workout program and the goal was to see
if the spike in cortisol from training
had any correlation with the amount of
muscle growth they were put on after the
12-week training program and it was 12
weeks so it was actually fairly long
compared to most studies which are only
eight weeks right so group one was given
a carbohydrate drink right something
that has some carbs mainly to lower
cortisol because you guys know one of
the main reasons why cortisol goes up
during training is because of glucose
demand right your body really is called
a soul to pretty much things up
right in order to generate glucose for
energy but if you already have
carbohydrates in your system you already
have plenty of glucose let's say you had
a pre-workout meal
or you have an intra-workout shake or
drink or whatever the cortisol spike
from training is going to be low
obviously because there's no need for
your body to try to break down your
muscle tissue to release glucose but if
you're training fasted or if you don't
have enough glucose in your system or if
you're training for long periods of time
so let's say you're training high volume
high intensity more than 30 minutes
especially full body and your body is
cranking our cortisol like crazy well
this is a good study to show you exactly
what happens long run so anyway group
group one carbohydrate drink group two
placebo and as you can guess the results
were shocking right on the left you have
the group that took the carbohydrate
drink and as you can see cortisol only
went up by amount right only seven
percent which is not even significant so
they're able to go through this brutal
workout and only have a seven percent
increase in cortisol which is amazing
right because remember you do not want
cortisol to be too elevated during
training else that's gonna interfere
with testosterone interfere with free
testosterone and it's gonna make it very
hard for you to maximize uh the results
from that workout right obviously you're
still gonna make gains but you're gonna
see soon it's gonna be at a very very
very slow pace so as you can see here
group one only a seven percent spike in
cortisol because they had glucose in
their system whatever training and group
two had a 99 right so double 100
increase in cortisol right which is a
nightmare for any of you guys out there
who know a thing or two about
endocrinology and
the effects that cortisol has on muscle
growth right remember guys cardio salt
increases protein breakdown obviously so
your body can use the amino acids to
make uh glucose cortisol blunts the
effects of testosterone cortisol blunts
production of testosterone at the latex
cells cortisol up regulates myostatin
like crazy in fact it's one of the
number one upregulators of myosin so you
can already guess
the detrimental effects that this had on
the group that was given the placebo and
as you can see here look at the muscle
growth group one keep in mind they
measure type one and type two gains rise
to both slow twitch and fast switch
muscle fibers and you have the standard
you know nineteen to twenty percent
increase which is a standard for more
study studies right so that so group one
was able to make significant gains
mainly because they kept quarters so low
meanwhile look at group two
look at this guys
barely any gains in type 1 muscle fibers
and they actually lost type 2 muscle
fibers and this is not shocking once
again if you guys know anything about
what cortisol does to amino acid
absorption protein sentences protein
breakdown you name it right it just
 everything up remember the top two
most anabolic hormones in the body are
obviously insulin and testosterone and
what does cortisol do cortisol negates
the effects of insulin and it gets the
effects of testosterone
in addition to increasing my side for
those of you who are wondering what was
cortisol mainly responsible for this
absolutely right the difference in spike
in cortisol was able to explain 74 of
the variance let that sink in guys 74 of
the variance in gains was explained by
the changing cortisol which is
ridiculous if you know anything about
statistics if you can explain 74 percent
of the variance in anything you pretty
much have your finance right and it
makes sense remember guys what is the
number one predictor of muscle growth
that we can actually examine on the
molecular level well we know number one
that's myosite and phytostat and number
two is the androgen receptor right those
are the top two biggest predictors how
much muscle you can build on the
molecular level right and what does
cortisol do cortisol increases my satin
and what about androgen receptor
cortisol competes with testosterone for
both synthesis right they're made from
the same precursors and
action on the receptors testosterone
production right cortisol blocks
testosterone production even if you
increase luteinizing hormone and good
atopic releasing hormone and number
three cortisol obviously competes with
testosterone for you know for anabolic
and catabolic effects so it's no
surprise that the changing cortisol
alone was able to explain 75 percent of
the variance right you got idiots out
there claiming oh don't worry about your
hormones don't worry about nonsense guys
stop taking advice from people who don't
know a thing or two about physiology
endocrinology and even genetics right
muscle growth is all about the
transcription and translation of genes
which are obviously regulated by your
hormones by anyway guys now you see why
it is so important to manage your
nutrition correctly that's why i beat a
dead horse about nutrition time and time
again right you could train as hard as
you want like this group here you think
they're gonna train hard right you can
train as hard as you want follow the
best program on the planet if your
nutrition is including your
nutrition timing your gains are gonna
take a back seat like i said you're
still gonna grow don't get me wrong
you're still gonna make progress as long
as you obviously do a bare minimum right
but it's going to be at an extremely
slow rate like this group here they're
still going to build muscle eventually
but it's going to take them a hell of a
lot longer than this group right
nutrition is key
your hormones are key and like i always
say nutrition is even more important
than training and this is fact it's not
an opinion this is pure science
your nutrition is what decides how hard
you train in the gym and it is also what
decides
how well you recover from training in
addition to the amount of tissue that
your body is actually able to synthesize
it's all about nutrition training simply
increases your body sensitivity to those
nutrients to your nutrition right people
think muscle building happens in the gym
no it happens in the kitchen the gym
simply increases the stimulatory effect
of nutritional muscle growth all right
so moral story keep quarter so low do
any means necessary you're never going
to reduce it to zero obviously in fact
you don't want it at zero because it has
uh important uses in the body even
protein breakdown is not entirely bad
but again that's a that's for a
completely different video um you don't
want to completely you don't want it at
zero right but in fact you're never
going to get colder soil at zero but you
definitely want to minimize it
if your goal is to maximize muscle
growth in this study they simply use a
carbohydrate drink right nothing special
and don't go out there and try to buy
supplements or dextrose or whatever you
know just basic ass carbs will do the
trick right try to have carbs especially
if your workout is going to be long
she's going to be a full body workout or
high volume workout and it's going to
last more than 20 to 30 minutes it's
going to be very intense you definitely
want to have some food in your system
and it doesn't hurt to have an intro
workout
cup drink right anything i don't care if
you use gatorade i don't care if you put
sugar in your protein shake you know
something just to keep glucose levels
elevated and cortisol levels low while
you're pumping iron right like i said
don't over complicate this keep it
simple any basic fast digesting
carbohydrate sauce will do keep it
simple keep it cheap anyway guys hope
the video helps don't forget to join the
reddit and i will use a lot of the
questions on already to plan future
videos all right i'm out of here see you
in the comment section all right guys
don't forget to like or share the video
subscribe and hit the bell and buy my
hsp nucleus of a little training program
it's the ultimate program for maximum
muscle growth it includes full body
workout splits bro splits push-pull
home workouts you name it also comes
with a complete guide for macros
nutrition fat loss muscle growth
hormones
including a meal plan it's pretty much
all my 16 years of experience
condensed into one book you're
also going to get free copies of any
future edition so visit team3d alpha.com
and you can use the 40 off coupon code
nucleus overload or you could just buy
this at full price all right guys
i'm out of here
