hey guys what's going on Megan here all
right top 20 muscles that every single
man must make strong as not just big but
strong cuz remember you could have a
very strong muscle that does not look
big at all right you can have very
powerful legs despite them looking like
chicken legs right so do not confuse the
steel list with the top muscles that
must be big even though strength and
size are correlated they are not equal I
made many videos about that all right
let's get straight to the Tail list the
criteria I'm going to use is the muscle
must help with combat defense Aesthetics
combat offense metabolic health and it's
a muscle that you cannot afford to have
a significant injury in right so if it's
a muscle that has a high injury risk and
that you cannot to fall to be uh to get
injured then it's definitely going to
rank high as well all right let's start
with
biceps biceps is going to go into
extremely important mainly because it
scores a four out of five it does not
score a five out of five right it's
going to help with combat defense
especially if you grappling or fighting
in a street fight or even just sparring
it obviously helps with Aesthetics does
it help with combat defense absolutely
especially if you're wrestling or
grappling number two will a bicep injury
absolutely devastate you absolutely
number three does a help with combat
offense of course it's going to be very
very try sparring when you have an
injured bicep guys that's when you're
going to realize how important biceps
are not only your pulling strength is
going to go to trash
but it's going to be very hard to throw
hugs in powerful combinations number
four do the help with metabolic Health
not really right cuz metabolic health is
mainly tied to how large your muscle is
right as far as glycogen synthesis and
helping clear out extra glucose from the
blood and number five does the help with
Aesthetics of course Right girls love
biceps so as a man you cannot afford to
have weak biceps for these five reasons
for these four reasons next we have Cavs
okay does it help with combat defense
well
obviously every muscle is going to help
in a fighting uh in a fighting scenario
but does it significantly help with
combat defense if you have very powerful
Cavs not really right it's not really up
for debate now in some specific
scenarios yes but again I'm referring to
a relative basis here so we're not going
to give it that point does it have a
high injury risk and or will the injury
to the muscle be devastating yes if you
injure your Cavs you are screwed there's
not much you could do with injured Cavs
now again like I said they don't have to
be huge but they have to be strong so
we'll give it that point next does it
help with combat offense of course right
most of your punching power is going to
come from the bottom up starting with
the Cales and going all the way up to
your trunk and blah blah blah I already
went into details in the other video so
we'll give it that point does it help
with metabolic Health not really and
does it drastically enhance your
Aesthetics no I mean obviously if you
have big Cals you know it's going to
look nice but relative to the other
items on this list it's not as important
for Aesthetics again it does not mean
that it's not important at all it does
not mean you should have chicken legs
right so don't take my words out of
context it just means relative to the
other items on this list is not as
important for Aesthetics so Cavs gets a
three out of five that's going to put it
at good right it does not hurt to have
very powerful CS next let's look at abs
and for abs I'm going to include both
upper and lower abs do they help with
combat defense absolutely will an injury
reaching your calves devastate you you
goddamn right do the help with combat
offense of course I made many videos
about that most of your punching power
is going to come from your legs and your
core same thing with grappling and
wrestling your core is extremely
underrated when it comes to those
functions next does it help with
metabolic health of course your abs is a
relatively large muscle and does it help
with Aesthetics absolutely so even
though I still believe that shredded
massively overrated you should still
train your abs for the reasons I
mentioned earlier right just try not to
get shredded because again I already
went over the the negatives that come
with that so guys you should definitely
have powerful apps five out of five
mandatory again I'm not referring to
visible ABS I'm referring to powerful
apps being lean enough so that they're
visible that's a bonus right mainly for
the Aesthetics Department next we have
chest your pectoralis muscle does it
help with combat defense of course
there's going to be a lot of pushing in
both a professional fight and in a
street fight to mention your uppercut
heavily relies on how powerful your
packs are even your hooks to an extent
next will a pack injury devastate you
you damn right it is one of the worst
body parts to injure next does it help
with metabolic Health not as much right
contrary to what people think your your
packs are not that large relative to the
other muscles on this list and does it
help with a Statics of course it does
especially if you have your shirt off
now again you can still have a great
body with a M to average chest I mean
the Bron era guys had a lot of flat
chest and they still look amazing but it
definitely helps to have a big chest
especially if you have a shirt on so the
packs get a four out of five for this
list every man must have strong packs
next we have spino Erectors all right
let's see do the help with combat
defense of course if you cannot extend
your back you screwed number two do they
have a high injury risk and or will
hurting injuring your spinal rectors
devastate you you are so goddamn right
do the help with combat offense of
course both in grappling and in Striking
and do the help with metabolic Health if
they are trained to maximum hypertrophy
yes and do the help with Aesthetics
attracting the opposite sex not really
right no girl ever said oh my God I love
your spinal rectors getting back with me
it doesn't work like that so it's not
going to get that point final score four
out of five it's going to go in
extremely important next we have
forearms all right let's make this quick
cuz this video is getting too long does
it help with combat def defense yes
mainly in grappling if somebody puts you
into a choke hold or any submission hold
that targets your head or your neck
trust me you're going to realize the
importance of having strong forearms and
a strong grip next will a forearm injury
be absolutely devastating as a man of
course you won't be able to grab you
won't be able to climb you won't be able
to pull you won't be able to make a fist
I mean the listal onone right so
definitely gets that point next do a
help with combat offense of course grip
strength is very important in fighting
mainly grappling does it help with
metabolic Health if it is hypertrophy to
a large extent of course not it's way
too small and last but not least does it
help with Aesthetics I'm not giving it
that point I know that's controversial
but yes some girls love forearms but
there's also plenty of girls who don't
care about forearms also think of the
think of most people that we know that
have Elite physiques they are not known
for their forarms guys right nobody goes
oh my God all I know was a legend did
you see it's forearms oh my goodness
Ronnie K yeah you know even though they
had forearms nobody really cared that
much right so as far as it Statics goes
I'm not going to give it that point yes
if you have big forearms it looks nice
but it's not a top two top three a mount
Rush more uh muscle when it comes to
Aesthetics so it's not going to get that
point so it's going to get three I'm
going to put forearms at good as a man
you should definitely have strong
forearms but that's mainly for
functional reasons next we have glutes
oh boy you guys know how I feel about
glutes not a big fan of glutes but I got
to be objective they are very very very
important especially uh for fighting all
right so let's see does it help with
combat defense absolutely mainly
grappling and wrestling and maintaining
your balance pushing somebody away from
you glutes are very underrated when it
comes to that aspect next will a glute
injury devastate you you are absolutely
right most men do not realize how
important glutes are until they get a
glute injury next does it help with
combat offense case close you guys again
if you watch my video on the most
important muscle groups for fighting you
already you know glutes are super
underrated when it comes for combat most
of your punching power and your pushing
power is going to come from your lower
body and a large portion of that is
going to come from your glutes does it
help with metabolic this one is funny
does it help with metabolic Health if it
is hypertrophy to a large extent
unfortunately yes right it's a very very
large muscle is the reason why it's
called the gluteus maximus uh so it's
definitely going to help with metabolic
Health if it is hypertrophy to a large
extent but you guys already know how I
feel about that don't say men should
have big glutes but men should have
powerful glutes by all means but you
know uh not big glutes I just feel like
that's a little sus but you know chicks
dig it so if you're into that kind of
stuff go for it and last but not least
doesn't help with Aesthetics oh boy this
one is controversial okay so women love
glutes for some reason you know on a guy
you know which is weird as hell to me um
but You' be surprised how many women are
like check our guys glutes and I know as
a man you know we thinking like what the
hell you know why would you want glutes
on a guy but ask women at they're weird
as hell uh so as far as the status goes
man this one is tough the subjective
part of me you know doesn't want to give
it that point but the objective part of
me does uh let's see uh I'm not going to
give it the point for status guys
because again you know you could still
have an aesthetic body without having
large glute so no I'm not giving it that
point Y all right so so far that's a
four out of five so having powerful
glutes strong glutes is going to go into
extremely important next we have
hamstrings another underrated muscle I'm
going to go fast with this one cuz it's
a boring musle to mini does it help with
combat defense absolutely would an
injury to your hamstrings be devastating
guys not only it's one of the most
painful injuries but yes it will disable
you in every way shape and form you do
not want to have an injury to your
hamstrings anyone who's ever pulled the
hamstrings will confirm next as a help
of combat offense of of course anything
that contributes to punching power is
going to get that point next doesn't
help with metabolic health of course
it's a very very large moso in fact it's
one of the few reasons why I train hamst
even though I hate training legs right
it's a very large muscle so it's very
important for metabolic health and
making sure that you have decent levels
of blood glucose after a Big C meal
right the glycogen starring capacity is
huge and last but not least does a help
with Aesthetics I'm not giving it that
point yes having nice hamstrings is nice
but no one and I mean no one who El
regarded as the sexiest men alive
because they had developed hamstrings
come on it's just a bonus so it gets a
four out of five I'm going to put that
in extremely important next we have the
heart the most important muscle on this
list so let's see does it help with
combat defense absolutely endurance and
cardio is everything not just in a
street fight but obviously in
professional fights as well will an
injury to your heart be devastating I
mean come on do I have to answer that
next does it help with combat offense of
course does it help with metabolic
health I mean it is literally at the
center of metabolic health and does it
help with Aesthetics of course not right
no girl looks at you and says oh my God
your heart is so big definitely not in
this context all right so it's not gonna
get that point
so that's the only reason why it's going
to go in extremely important and not
mandatory although being out of breath
all the goddamn time is definitely not
attractive but you know what I mean when
I say Aesthetics next we have the lats
let's see does it help with combat
defense absolutely especially in
grappling does it have a high injury
risk or will a injury to your last be
devastating you better believe that
because you will not be able to pull you
will not be able to climb you will not
be able to perform combinations most
people people underestimate how
important the latsa for fighting does it
help with offense again absolutely does
it help with metabolic Health yes it is
a very large muscle especially if it is
hypertrophy to its maximum extent and
doesn't help with Aesthetics you you
better believe it right that Vaper it's
not just shoulders it's also lats so
five out of five lats go into mandatory
next we have your neck especially your
splenius that's the back of your neck
that's what you train when you do neck
extensions you guys know I'm a big big
big advocate of neck training so let's
see does it help with combat defense it
is one of the most important muscles for
combat defense remember guys doesn't
matter how strong you are how fast you
are how big you are how intimidating you
are if you get knocked out the fight is
over and most men I guarantee you guys
especially young men most men
underestimate how easy it is to knock
somebody out one little mistake and the
fight is over no cutcenes no time for
you to do that combo that you practice
for 10 years done I can show you guys
endless examples of that people really
underestimate how easy it is to get
knocked out and having a powerful neck
is crucial to prevent that now of course
to be technical the muscle that's going
to help the most with preventing
knockout is your sternal CL masto which
is the front side of your neck but I'm
just going to put it all together
because obviously you need both for
stability so neck is going to help with
combat defense an injury to your neck is
obviously devastating combat offense in
fact I'm going give you that point right
because yeah it plays a huge role in
grappling especially if you're on the
ground and it also play a role if you
headbutts right people underestimate how
important headbutts are especially in a
street fight right headbutts are
devastating so I give it the offense
point doesn't help with metabolic health
no it's way too small and does it help
with Aesthetics yes people underestimate
how important neck is for Aesthetics
right try to photoshop yourself with a
pencil neck and you see what I'm talking
about so neck is going to get four out
of five I'm going to put it at extremely
important both for the spanius and for
the sternal clom mastoid next we have
your ble through the help of combat
defense of course would an injury to
your obliques be devastating yes through
the help of offense absolutely core
rotation is Paramount for punching power
do to help with metabolic Health yes
right they're a large muscle group to an
extent and do the help with Aesthetics
yes especially if you lean if you at low
body fat percentage so that's going to
go into mandatory you got to train your
obliques guys next we have your quads oh
boy do the help of combat defense that
goes without saying would an injury to
your quir be devastating as a man
absolutely do the help offense yes
kicking wrestling you name it and
remember having good takedown defense is
a form of offense in itself right
because it obviously intimidates the
opponent and your quads are very
important in Tak down defense as well as
your absent core but anyway does it help
a metabolic he yes it is a very large
muscle group and does it help with
Aesthetics not so much right not so much
cuz number one we wear pants most of the
time pants and shorts and number two if
your quads are way too big it actually
takes away from your VT right it gives
you an ex taper but most girls love that
Vaper so I'm going to give this a four
out of five so I'm going to put quads in
extremely important next we have the
serus interior most people heavily
underestimate this muscle does it help
with combat defense yes to an extent
will an injury to your serus interior be
devastating absolutely doesn't help with
offense of course especially with
punching power doesn't help with
metabolic Health not so much it's not
that large doesn't help with Aesthetics
not at all so it's going to get a three
out of five I'm going to put that at
good next we have your tbia oh boy
doesn't help with defense not so much
will an injury to your tbia be
devastating absolutely I got to give it
that as much as as much as I like to
[ __ ] on this mon so it's actually very
important for that does it help
significantly with combat offense no
right say yes and no but significantly
the answer is no obviously he plays a
role like I said every muscle on his L
plays a role in fighting but when it
comes to significant role I'm not going
to give it that point like I always say
the one became world champion because of
that overdeveloped tbia next does it
help with metabolic health of course ni
it's way too small and there's a help
with Aesthetics hell no again no girl
ever ever looked at a guy and said oh my
God I'm so wet right now look at your
tbia so I'm going to put that at low Roi
right you can train it if you want but
the return on investment is not that
high compared to the other items on this
list right we not those soaka players
next you have your Terrace major and
minor do that help with defense yes any
pulling muscle is going to help with
defense and offense will an injury to
this muscle be devastating yes does it
help with metabolic health no does it
help with Aesthetics not really right
you know the most aesthetic part of your
back is not your terious major minor now
if it's developed great but it does not
give it that W Factor right now it helps
with the demon back look right because
you want everything to pop out but
overall no only bodybuilding experts and
nerves like us know this muscle even
exists but the average person or the
average girl not so much so I'm going to
put that that at good only because
mainly because of his roll in combat
next your trapezius both upper traps
lower traps and middle traps right to
make this L shorter does it help with
defense absolutely would an injury to
your traps be devastating you off if you
get an injury to your traps most people
do not realize I important the traps are
again until they get a traps injury
scapular retraction gone scapular
elevation gone I mean your shoulder
blade is so important for everyday tasks
let alone fight next does it help with
metabolic Health yes I mean if you train
upper lower and mid traps yes a
relatively large muscle and does it help
with Aesthetics absolutely most of the
thickness in your back is going to come
from your mid and lower traps and
obviously that look from the front is
going to be upper and middle traps so
trapezius gets a mandatory five out of
five triceps doesn't help with combat
defense of course would an injury to
your triceps be absolutely devastating
yes does it help with combat offense
common sense does it help a lot with
metabolic Health believe it or not the
triceps actually relatively large so yes
if you train both triceps to that
maximum size it's definitely going to
help with metabolic health and does it
help with Aesthetics yes two3 of your
arm is your triceps you know most girls
have no clue what the triceps is devil
notice if you have hug triceps because
your arms is going to be huge as so
triceps actually gets a mandatory five
out of five last but not least shoulders
oh boy do the help with combat defense
that goes without saying High injury
risk and will the risk of injury I mean
will the injury be devastating
100% does it help with combat offense
absolutely does it help with metabolic
Health believe it or not your shoulders
are one of the largest muscles of your
upper body even bigger than your chest
believe it or not and that's if you look
at front side and real delts I know it
sounds crazy but it's true and through
the help with Aesthetics they are the
very Foundation of Aesthetics as a male
so they go in mandatory all right guys
hope this video helps likees subscribe
buy the ebucks I'm out
