as long as you have some heavy lifts
some weighted stretch lips and obviously
some
hey guys what's going on megan here all
right so today is monday so we are
answering
questions about my satin or muscle
growth maximization right
so let's get started all right so let's
pick this one should i start training
full body four to seven times per week
stats height five seven
uh
i laughed at this one people raised
indian um guys you don't have to include
your uh your ethnicity or race but you
know i guess uh
uh the more the head of the better but
yeah you don't have to include that
because that doesn't really tell me
anything um anyway weight 125 pounds
body fat 15
body fat so you are
very very tiny my friend and i say this
with love of course um i started
weighing 105 holy [ __ ] yeah he made a
lot of progress on may 1st looking like
an escape holocaust survivor oh god
um i ran
what the [ __ ] man
um it's funny because it just sounds so
much funnier when i actually say it out
loud as opposed to when i first read it
but anyway i ran ppl and made some
pretty quick strength for size gains but
i feel like i'm starting to plateau and
i'm starting to lose more strength even
though i'm still gaining weight i want
to start training full body four to
seven times per week but i don't know
how i would hit everybody but
effectively in as little time as
possible i'm still laughing at the first
sentence but dude like seriously if you
went from 105 to 125 most props to you
um
like i said five seven
that's really really underweight uh but
anyway so
um just a routine i came up with i want
any feedback blah blah blah and then he
put here every setting exercise in a 15
or 30 rep range with light to moderate
rate
drop set on every exercise the same time
okay drop set
and um obviously he mentioned you know
he showed his uh his routine so i'm
gonna i'm gonna criticize your routine
in a little in a little bit but first
let's answer that question should i
start training full body four to seven
times per week for beginners i always
recommend that they actually start with
just three times a week right ideally
obviously hsp training the best [ __ ]
program in the world all right three
times a week
basic monday wednesday friday one day is
your heavy day according to hsb
principles right h for your heavy day
where you only focus on compound lifts
increasing your strength and like i said
the the main purpose of heavy day and hp
training is to see how recovered you are
on a week two week basis because the
goal of heavy days obviously increases
strength a little bit at a time
every single week right or to at least
match your previous heavy day lifts
therefore if you have let's say heavy
day on monday and you're performing
worse than you did last monday and that
tells you that you're not fully
recovered right in addition to all the
other benefits of everyday you know bone
density injury receptor binding blah
blah so one day for heavy training
one day for weighted stretch so that
could be on wednesday right we focus on
training muscles in a lengthened
position right weighted stretch you know
i made a ton of videos about that for
years look into that and obviously the
third day is your pump day right where
you focus on mind muscle connection
maximizing the pump maximizing blood
flow to the muscle getting a crazy
[ __ ] pump and burn you know and
maximizing all the benefits of uh you
know that you get from that type of
training so keep it simple right three
times a week if you're a beginner now
let's say you're a fat [ __ ] or let's say
uh you have an extremely sedentary
lifestyle or let's say you're really
really really good at managing recovery
so that is sleep that's nutrition that's
vitamins and minerals uh you know
keeping stress slow whatever then you
could start to slowly increase frequency
so you could go from three times a week
to first four times a week and once
again your heavy day is the gauge right
if on every heavy day your strength is
still going up at a moderate pace then
you can slowly add more days right the
only people who are doing six times a
week hsp training are people who want
have been training for a long long
[ __ ] time or two who are obese right
if you're obese i don't want you to
drink three times a week i want you in
that gym every [ __ ] day right you got
to increase your metabolic rate you got
to increase your myofibular protein
sentences you got to lower my statin you
got to get your ass moving and like i
said people who are really good at
measuring recovery but for most
beginners start with three times a week
there's no rush there's no rush you can
make a ton of progress with three times
a week full body training and like i
said the sign that it is time to
increase frequency is when you notice
that you are just killing your heavy day
numbers every week or when you come back
from uh m amateur reset also when you
are that small you want to focus on
packing on size right you don't really
have a lot of time to for example here
you put cable crunch what the [ __ ] bro
in fact i'm getting to that part right
why a lot of you guys forget that when
you're natural your ability to recover
is limited right so you cannot go to the
gym and try to train every single muscle
as if you were ifbb bodybuilder you're
not going to compete you're not going to
get on stage your goal is to just pack
on slabs of muscle right later on you
can focus on little acute muscle groups
but for now your ability to recover is
limited so you cannot just spread
yourself too thin and try to train every
single muscle that's one interesting
training i tell people hey pick five
major muscle groups
no more than seven five to seven so you
could be back and not
differentiate between back width and
back thickness chest
you know biceps triceps shoulders
whatever pick just five to seven right
and go ham
right this way you can focus all of your
recovery capabilities on those muscles
don't worry about the unnecessary
muscles that are not going to lead to uh
you know imbalances or you know that are
just not going to make a substantial
change to your physique right here you
have one two three four five six seven
eight that's overkill now if you want to
train smaller muscle groups right if
you're like hey megan i already picked
five to seven and i want to add some
small muscle groups that's fine you
could do nucleus overload at home for
example cable crunch you can do this
[ __ ] at home guys right
side laterals you could do that at home
you could just i think every every male
should have a set of dumbbells at home
get up in the morning do some side
laterals before bed you can do some
stylaterals right some muscles can be
trained at home guys this way you focus
your energy and your focus and your
recovery capabilities during that one
hour window when you're at the gym
[ __ ] [ __ ] up right so again my answer
start with three times a week and only
increase frequency when you notice that
holy [ __ ] you're really good at managing
recovery and your strength on heavy day
just keeps going up and up and up and up
um two
your program here again i can't really
you got four sets of cable rolls um
again i'm assuming that the body part
you want to prioritize is back because
like i said you should always start with
the body part you're trying to
prioritize apart from lags i think
everybody should start with legs whether
you care about legs or not for reasons
already explained um but yeah i don't
know why you have cable rolls up here so
anyway what i would do is i'll put i'll
put leg press if you don't want to do
squats that's fine i'll put leg press at
the top
right get that out of the way it's gonna
fire up your nervous system release
effects on an adrenaline the
noradrenaline keep you focused it's
gonna increase your ability to recruit
your other muscle fibers
blah blah blah
and obviously it's gonna increase
testosterone which don't let nobody tell
you that
the acute increase in testosterone uh
from training lags is irrelevant i i've
destroyed that so many times with
evidence but anyway i don't want to go
for attention so anyway train uh
uh training legs first next uh let's see
if you wanna do cable rolls that's a
good exercise yeah yeah this is this is
just this is too basic right just follow
hsb principles have a heavy day have a
stretch day have a pump day i mean you
can't keep doing the same exercise every
[ __ ] day there's no
uh nothing is periodized um yeah you're
going to benefit from training in a 15
to 30 reverential you're going to
develop vocabularies more muscular
endurance good mind muscle connection
blah blah blah but
i don't see any heavy lifts here right
right everything is full sets of 15 or
30 you know where your heavy lifts so
like i said i recommend you follow a
basic hsp structure or if not you don't
have to follow hp as long as you have
some heavy some heavy lifts some
weighted stretch lifts and obviously
some high rep lifts you're good oh wait
that sounds just like [ __ ] hp anyway
um hope that helps um as far as like i
said as far as exercises like i i can't
really go into detail because i don't
know your exact goal you just listed a
bunch of exercises and whenever i create
a program it's always structured based
on the person's goal and uh the body
parts they're trying to prioritize and
you know stuff like that so apart from
putting leg training at the top crossing
out the [ __ ] cable crunches and
either doing at home or whatever
i don't have many more suggestions you
know but i can definitely tell you that
this is way too much this is way too
much
um you're gonna burn out if you don't
find a way to periodize your program
also make sure your nutrition is on
point because 125 pounds holy [ __ ] bro
you you better not be cutting you better
not be maintaining right you got to be
in a supple it's not too huge of a
surplus of course you don't want to get
fat um but come on you got to pack some
muscle anyway i hope this video helps
i don't want to go off on a change
because you know i could ramble on
forever so i'm out all right guys don't
forget to like or share the video
subscribe and hit the bell and buy my
hsp nucleus of a little training program
it's the ultimate program for maximum
muscle growth it includes full body
workout splits bro splits push pull
home workouts you name it also comes
with a complete guide for macros
nutrition fat loss muscle growth
hormones including a meal plan it's
pretty much all my 16 years of
experience
condensed into one [ __ ] book you're
also going to get free copies of any
future edition so visit team3d alpha.com
and you can use the 40 off coupon code
nucleus overload or you could just buy
this [ __ ] at full price alright guys i'm
outta here
