hey guys going omegan here the 20 most
important muscles for winning fights
based on science experience and
obviously the parto principle no
opinions straight facts let's get
straight to it and keep in mind for a
muscle to score high it has to influence
all aspects of fighting Power strength
agility defense speed cardio endurance
you name it right it also has to be
relevant across all fighting styles so
boxing kicking wrestling you name it all
right let's go traps I'm going to put
that in crucial right includes upper
traps middle traps lower traps and
obviously the whole rboard area helps
you with offense helps you with defense
helps you with balancing your shoulder
girle doing fights helps you with Combos
and boxing and obviously helps protect
against Knockouts since the upper traps
help support the neck right it is very
hard to defend and even to attack if you
have weak traps right I mean how you
going to retract your shoulder blades
you know how are you going to elevate
your shoulder blades you know to protect
your neck I can go on and on but anyway
traps crucial category not to mention it
look intimidating as [ __ ] right if you
have powerful developed traps that alone
is a good deterrent remember guys one of
the most important and underrated
aspects of fighting is the intimidation
factor it's the same in the animal
kingdom right it's better to prevent
fights than to engage with them so if
you look intimidating that's a win
itself right it also gives you that
psychological Edge over your opponent
next chess for obvious reasons I'm going
to put that in crucial right very hard
to generate power very hard to throw a
powerful punch without if you have a
weak chess it's a going to be very hard
for you to defend in the in the
wrestling bout you know in the grappling
B if you have a weak chest right it's
going to help you push your opponent off
it's going to help you extend your arm
so I can go on and on right so for
obvious reasons chess is in crucial
category not to mention the ability to
just push your opponent of balance right
very very useful in a street fight as
well next forarms I'm also going to put
those in crucial they are actually very
underrated for fighting right and the
argument most people give is well you
don't need your fourarms to kick yeah
but you do need your forarms to Grapple
to wrestle obviously you need your for
arms obviously for punching power at the
point of contact right bigger forarms
not only allow you to keep your fist Bal
but keep in mind power is mass
consideration right so any bit of mass
that does not hurt cardio is a plus
right so at the point of contact
obviously if you have a huge forearms
that's going to do a lot more damage and
that's going to play into the mass part
of the power equation also keep in mind
that if you're grappling if you're doing
MMA and somebody puts you in the choke
hold well guess what you're going to
need powerful forearms to get the
opponent's arm off of you right there's
nothing worse than wrestling or trying
to break a submission hold and not being
able to grip your opponent's arm think
about it forarms also help with
preventing your opponent from putting
you in a submission maneuver so I can go
on and on about the benefits of forearms
but again very important for fighting
next your serus anterior I'm going to
put that in crucial I'm going to put it
right next to chest because they pretty
much serve very very similar functions
right there's a reason why it's called
the boxers muscle it's really going to
help you protract your scapula and
obviously stabilize your shoulder grow
as well but again if you're training
your chest and your delts especially
your pushing motions right your
horizontal pushing moments chances are
you're hitting that anyway right so you
don't have to hyper focus on it next
your biceps I'm going to put that in it
depends right it depends on the fighting
style depends on the fighting uh match
whether you boxing wrestling kickboxing
right it it's one of those muscles that
really depends right for example if if
all you're doing is kicking well
obviously you don't need your biceps a
lot but if you're wrestling obviously
that's going to move a lot higher in
boxing obviously plays a role in fact
every muscle plays a role but it's not
that crucial right you could throw a lot
of powerful combinations um without
powerful biceps again that does not mean
that it's useless it just means that it
does not score as high relative to the
other muscles right you could throw a
powerful hook um without powerful biceps
you could throw a powerful jab right
without powerful biceps even though the
goal of the jab is obviously not power
but you get the point um you could throw
a powerful uppercut with a powerful
biceps you still have to flex your arm
right but arm flexion obviously does not
play a powerful role on The Knockout
potential of your uppercut right so
that's why I put it in depends it really
depends on context and the sport now
wrestling it's a whole different story
very important in wrestling any
grappling situation next Cavs that's
another most I'm going to put it in dep
pends right it's very overrated yes
obviously you need your calf muscles
right to plant your foot before you
throw a hug before you throw any punch
your calf is going to play a role it's
also going to play a role in maintaining
your balance doing wrestling but the
only reason I'm not ranking it higher is
because relative to the rest of these
muscles up here it's not that impactful
right in fact a lot of Fighters a lot of
great Fighters have Shady calves right
cuz again keep in mind it's not just
about the size of the muscle it's also
about the power output right power is
mass acceleration so you can have a
small muscle but as long as you're able
to accelerate it as long as you're able
to recruit those motor neurons then you
can still output a lot of power even if
muscle size is H kept to a minimum right
Fighters do it all the time right Jon
Jones has some of the shittiest CS I've
ever seen in fact most black people do
but he would knock your ass out any day
of the week same thing with deont Wilder
same thing with Floyd same thing with
Izzy I mean I could name so many great
fighters who have quote unquote shitty
CS right so it's not just about the size
of the muscle it's about how much force
you can generate with that muscle as
well as the biomechanics and all that
stuff but anyway let's keep this video
simple for a beginner audience next your
lats I'm going to put your lats in The
crucial category very underrated muscle
for fighting especially for boxing and
wrestling right it's crazy how when most
people think of fighting muscles they
think of chess and shoulders and biceps
but they do not think of your lats your
lats are extremely important for
generating power and just like the traps
especially the mid traps that also help
in retracting your arm which is
extremely important for combos all right
next your tibia not that important come
on let's be honest again it's not that
important again it doesn't mean it's
useless right I didn't put it at trash
but it's not that important yeah if you
kicking a lot then sure why not but in a
grand scheme of things you're not going
to lose a fight because your tib was
underdeveloped you're not gonna win the
fight you're not going to be world
heavyweight champion of the world or MMA
champion because you train your tibia
more than everybody else right so not
that important next your spino Erectors
obviously crucial for maintaining
balance for defending against submission
attempts I could go on and on one of the
most underrated muscles for athletes in
any sport remember balance is everything
in fighting next your abs mandatory I
repeat mandatory and coming from me
that's saying a lot right because you
guys know I feel like abs are overblown
in the aesthetic I'm tired of Naturals
overemphasizing the ABS and cutting all
the time which in which in turn keeps
them from maximizing muscle growth
because they always want to be as lean
as possible but when it comes to
fighting I got to be objective right
mandatory right your core is priceless
when it comes to fighting in any
fighting sport I don't care if you're
doing MMA I don't care if you're doing
wrestling you're doing boxing you're
doing kickboxing you're doing Muay Tha
doesn't matter you got to have a
powerful core most of your punching
power Believe It or Not does not come
from your arms or your shoulders even
though they play a role right it comes
from your core and your lower body right
so ABS mandatory you got to have a
strong core helps with offense helps
with defense helps with balance I mean I
could go on and on right and I'm going
to put your obliques right next to that
right most of the power from your
punches is going to come from your
ability to rotate your hips and transfer
as much kinetic energy as possible to
your arm right so the power comes from
your lower body including your core
right do not neglect those muscles if
you're a fighter especially if you want
to throw a powerful nikout punch right
you're going to have to twist and rotate
that to all right next glutes another
very very underrated muscle for fighting
I'm putting that in mandatory right
again for bodybuilding I don't give a
[ __ ] about glutes but this video is
about combat not bodybuilding right
again most of the power from your
punches are going to come from your
lower body especially your GL glutes
right it's no coincidence that Studies
have shown that even sprinters think
about it 100 met sprinters one of the
biggest predictors of how fast the
person is meaning how much power they
can generate from their legs right CU
sprinting is really you generating
generating as much force as possible
into the ground to propel yourself
forward like a space shuttle um studies
that found that one of the biggest
predictors of 100 meter sprint speed is
how powerful and how big the runner
glutes are right same thing with the NBA
right how high somebody jump their
vertical jump It's not that calves
believe it or not is the glutes right
and obviously the quads and stuff like
that but mainly the glutes and that
brings us over to fighting again you
know a lot of your power in fact most of
your power is going to come from your
core and your legs and when it comes to
legs mainly glutes and I'm going to put
hamstrings right next to glutes for the
very same reason you cannot generate
maximum power in a punch or a push
without recruiting your glutes your
hamstrings and also you guessed it your
quads right notice out the the lower
body muscles that nobody cares about are
actually the most important for fighting
right they're important for punching
they're important for kicking they're
important for wrestling I mean you
cannot think of any fighting style uh
that's not heavily influenced by how
powerful your legs are again that
doesn't mean your legs have to be big
right they just have to be powerful
right so if they're big then great right
as long as you don't let that [ __ ] up
your cardio but if they're small then
work on power explosive movements so
that you can recruit your high threshold
motor units as efficiently as possible
Right at the end of the day the only
thing that matters is power right force
and that's going to come once again from
either having mass or acceleration or
both right so if you have massive
muscles you don't need as much
acceleration to deliver Force if you
have small muscles then you're going to
need a lot of acceleration uh to
increase Force output so pick and choose
obviously because of weight classes
right Fighters tend to gravitate
throughs focusing on explosiveness and
speed and acceleration because if
they're focused on mass too much
obviously they have to move up a weight
class which uh is counterproductive but
anyway next your neck and I'm going to
put both your sternal clar myoid and
your splenius in a s category mandatory
right where is your splenius I'm going
to put it right here right your neck is
one of the most if not the most
important monsters for fighting not
because of offense but because of
defense and if you're familiar with my
advice whether it's on Fitness stock
trading testosterone doesn't matter you
know I always emphasize defense risk
management defense always comes first I
repeat defense comes before offense and
preventing a knockout is the most
important rule in fighting it's just
like chess right rule number one is
protect your King right and then control
the center and develop your back pieces
and all that [ __ ] but really if you get
knocked out the fight is over it's it's
crazy I have to say because so many
people focus on offense and then neglect
defense if you have a weak neck a
fighter who's not as experienced as you
who's not as strong as you can get a
lucky hit on you and knock you the [ __ ]
out right you need powerful neck and
obviously powerful traps to help
stabilize your head so that you don't
get a concussion right look at Mike
Tyson's neck look at uh Joel Romero's
neck some of the guys who can't take a
lot of hits to the Hat without getting
knocked out have very strong necks and
and obviously there's studies on this as
well right having a strong neck reduces
concussion risk by a significant amount
so train your neck guys not just for
Aesthetics cuz you should train your
neck for Aesthetics in the first place
but mainly for combat there's a reason
why when a guy has a huge thick neck he
just looks intimidating we evolve to
respect that like a [ __ ] cuz you
know it's going to be hard to knock his
ass out and it's going to be hard to
obviously choke him out right and sure
enough we have a lot of Androgen
receptors around the trapezius region
for good reasons and obviously a little
bonus to having a strong neck is you
could deliver a very powerful headbutt
all right next we have shoulders I'm
also going to put that in mandatory
simply because think about it you could
have every other muscle in your body
fully trained fully developed whatever
if your shoulders are trash you screwed
unless all you do is kick but then again
you know how you going to defend how you
going to block hits you know you're not
going to dodge everything you're not Neo
so shoulders are mandatory for offense
and defense right and once again there's
a reason why we evolved to be attracted
to men with bigger shoulders right
there's a reason for that shoulders
influence your punching power your
ability to Grapple your ability to
defend your ability to throw objects I
mean just think about it we really do
not give our shoulders enough credit all
everyone cares about is biceps biceps
biceps guys shoulders are the most
important muscle on your arm more
important than biceps more important
than triceps more important than
forearms right and speaking of triceps
I'm going to put that in crucial again
for the same reason as chess right
you're going to need it to obviously
push opponents off of you you're going
to need your triceps to extend your arm
and deliver a knockout blow you're going
to need your triceps for defense you're
going to need your triceps for
preventing certain submission holds very
important muscle for fighting obviously
next you have your serus next terus
major and minor obviously I'm going to
put that right next to l
and midback right same purpose it is
crucial for rotation and obviously
stabilization of your shoulder joint
last but not least your heart everyone
forgets your heart is a muscle mandatory
you got to have I repeat you got to have
good cardio in any fighting situation
it's funny most people underemphasize
how important cardio is in fighting that
think oh as long as I could knock him
out as long as I'm fast I'll be good
guys all of these muscles that you see
here guess what they're going to need
oxygen right so if you don't knock your
opponent out in the first few seconds
you are [ __ ] if your cardio sucks
right because Anor robic respiration
only lasts a few seconds right you're
going to be gasping for hair and
everything that you learn during
practice or during your [ __ ] sparring
practice is going to go out the window
because you gassed out right so so you
got to prioritize your cardio not every
fight is going to be over in round one
all right guys if this video helped
don't forget to click the like button
subscribe and support the channel on the
website I'm out
