hey guys what's going on Megan here back
with the questions from the comments
section this one is from Ultimate god
king he says Megan what if I have a
great appetite by the way this is on the
video about how digestion is the most
important part of um building muscle and
losing weight and things like that um so
the comment Says Megan what if if
haven't if you haven't watched the video
go back and watch it cuz I'm amazed how
many people that video made me realize
how many people are really clueless
about digestion which is really again
the most important thing that's why I
didn't I I may videos about it back in
2012 2013 but I didn't really stress the
topic too much because I was like hey
that's basic [ __ ] even if you're not
bodybuilding or trying to build muscle
or working out this is [ __ ] that you
should have down to a science because it
impacts your everyday life you know you
cannot go to the gym and have a good
workout unless your nutrition is on
point hand digestion you can't build
muscle unless your nutrition is on point
hand digestion you can't get stronger
unless your nutrition is point you know
H dig pretty much it is the number one
thing before you even think of finding a
a workout program or whatever that is
the most important thing and that's why
I made a few videos about it years back
and I just left it alone because I was
like hey man you know don't don't beat a
dead horse but I'm amazed at how many
people struggle with digestion and don't
even know it you know so you know thank
you for this question King and let's
let's go let's go ahead with this video
um yeah Megan what if I have a great
appetite but I don't digest food well
and I'm always gassy even even if I eat
only chicken should I eat just a bunch
of pineapple and papay to enhance
protein digestion that is a great
question um I'm going to pretend from
now I want to pretend like you guys
don't know anything even if you do I
want to pretend like you don't know
anything because then again that
sometimes I give you guys a benefit of
the doubt I don't mention topics that I
figured everyone should know and um so I
don't go into details in the video and I
end up having to make repeat videos to
cover everything so for those who
already know apologies for those who
don't know well listen up take notes the
most important part of protein
digestion is uh stomach acid right um
again assuming you don't know this right
so hydrochloric acid stomach acid
gastric juice whatever is the most
important part of protein digestion
that's where digestion of protein begins
it's not like carbs and fats that
actually starts in the mou you know your
mouth has enzymes that help you break
down uh Cs and fats and then they get
broken down further you know in the
small intestine and things like that
protein begins in the stomach protein
digestion right and it can only happen
listen carefully it can only happen
effectively when your stomach is acidic
the enzymes that help break down protein
you know like pepsin pepsinogen things
like that excuse me that only work in um
acidic environments right so you need a
a good amount of hydrochloric acid in
your stomach to break down protein if
you're eating
protein like like you know like my
friend here and you you fing you gassy
you bloated things like that it's simply
because it's not being digested you know
it's it's that simple people forget that
fing is not normal fing simply means the
bacteria in your gut are eating the
undigested particles and they're
releasing gas when those [ __ ]
release gas that's what comes out of
your ass and you're like oh I fought it
no you didn't fought the bacteria in
your stomach fought it you just release
that [ __ ] does that make sense that's so
when you eat fiber you gas it because
the human body cannot digest fiber so
it's undigested and the bacteria take
care of that [ __ ] right so people that
are lactose intolerant when they drink
milk and they're like oh man I'm gassy
I'm bloated I keep fting because they're
not digesting the lactose and milk so
the the bacteria in in the intes in
their gut um takes SC of that and then
when they do they fart and then you
release it okay so when you see a lot of
fting especially SM it smells bad it's
constant it's a digestion issue
especially if you only ate protein if
you ate again if you ate fiber it's
understandable but if you only ate
protein like chicken beef a shake
assuming you're not lactose in tolerant
from the shake and you you fting that
protein hasn't been address it not fully
and that's why I keep telling people oh
you calorie in calorie out [ __ ]
drive me insane man because they they
assume that if I ate 200 grams of
protein and I put that in my fitness pal
that's that's it my body has protein no
it [ __ ] doesn't when you eat
something I don't care if you ate 3,000
calories it goes through your tube and
it has to be processed digested by your
body before your cells can utilize it
that is that's not even there's not even
a study that that says otherwise this is
like basic 1 plus 1 equals two [ __ ]
right so the assumption that you should
just you know track macros and and just
eat a certain amount of food and then
you be fine and your body will use it
that only works if your if your if your
intestine is fine your your gut Flor is
fine your genetics are fine you know you
have no diges perfect you know that's
why you notice the people that do you
know if ficial macros and have great
results from it have great genetics they
they're fine so I'm not against INF
ficial macros you know I have my fitness
B account you know I'm not against that
it's it's just people oversimplify it
that you know like this guy they will
eat protein they'll get all these side
effects that your body's telling you hey
it's not being digested and they'll go
oh you know it's fine as long as I got
my micros for the day I'm good and then
they realize well I'm not I'm not making
gains I be live for so long I'm like
your body's talking to you listen to
that [ __ ] man you know just cuz
the numbers we put in my fitness pal
does not mean the nutrients were process
if your nutrients were not digested in
process you wasting your tongue because
then the amuno acids don't make it into
the muscle cell so you don't build
muscle the carbohydrates are not you
know fully broken down the fats are not
fully broken down so the vitamins are
not fully absorbed and things like that
I mean it's a whol issue so again to
give this video short hydrochloric acid
is where everything begins right so if
you're eating protein you know only
males and you're not you're getting the
you know all these side effects I
mentioned the fing the bloating whatever
you need to uh optimize your hyd your
hydrochloric acid uh secretion so again
in in case you don't know First Watch
the video that I made on digestion
that's going to cover most of it but
number one is water right so you want to
make sure you drink a lot of water right
because hydrochloric acid is is 99 I
mean stomach acid is 99% water 99
.4 actually per water make sure you
don't drink water before with and right
after your meals right that's just basic
common sense right if you drink a lot of
water with your meal you're going to
dilute the stomach acid so it's going to
it's not going to be as effective at
producing all these uh protein dig just
enzymes uh number three yeah so yeah so
drink a lot of water don't drink water
with your males that's number two uh
number three is uh make
sure make sure you're getting your
vitamins and your minerals uh again
because you know stomach acid is
composed of again water sodium potassium
things like that people that pottassium
you know deficient have problems with
Sonic acid so make sure you you know
you're getting your pottassium I don't I
don't recommend sodium because most most
people are getting the sodium it's the
potassium people are lacking in because
mother don't eat fruits so you're
getting your vitamins and minerals
especially zinc and things like that all
the things that you know that you need
in general that help uh produce uh
gastric
juice um so that's three number four or
make
sure you're getting your enzymes right
so I talked about the enzymes in other
video your prot enzym um that's going to
help break down the protein the peptide
bonds even more so the top sources are
papaya pane uh Broman from Pineapple uh
uh ginger has some uh Pro proteases in
there I'm going to put the word on the
screen
proteas uh ginger has some what else
kiwi has some uh so yeah so just eat
your Ms with those things and you know
you don't really have to worry about you
know digestion too much and um what else
what else what
else yes I'm meing the water the
vitamins and minerals the enzymes oh
yeah and one thing that also helps you
know again I forget because to me it's
like you know automatic thing uh you
could try getting some lemon juice or
apple cider vinegar you know with or
before your meals that's going to help
increase the acidity of your stomach
remember lemon juice and apple cider
vinegar are very IC things like that so
all right guys I hope that answers that
question I don't want to drive on too
long but watch that first video then
watch this one make sure do all those
steps make a check list and see how many
of those steps you actually do on a
daily basis and I guarantee you that's
going to take care of your protein I
addressing problems leading to more
gains you know more you know better
health and things like that um and also
I just want to make sure I'm not
forgetting
anything oh yeah and also take the
baking soda test right don't forget to
take the baking soda test to make sure
you have enough stomach acid if you
don't know what it is you simply wake up
in the morning first thing in the
morning you you drink uh about 4 ounces
of cold water with quarter of a teaspoon
of baking soda so you mix it up qu of a
teaspoon of baking soda in the water
drink and you should bur within 3
minutes if you don't burp within three
minutes then you have a chanaz all you
have low stomach acid if it takes you
about five minutes to burp still on the
low side if it if you don't work at all
then you [ __ ] right remember you
should burb it in the first three
minutes all right that helps like the
video subscribe share the video with
anybody that you think it might help and
again comment your questions below
that's where the videos come from and
keep helping each other in the comment
section I really like that all right
guys team through the
alpha
