last but not least i'm a boxing nut
category you guys already knew this was
coming
hey what's going on megan here you guys
have been requesting this video for a
long time
top 10 human races ethnicities whatever
you want to call it ranked by endurance
genes obviously with a special emphasis
on endurance running but you can also
apply that to a lot of
other endurance base sports now i don't
want to repeat myself too much so make
sure you watch the previous ones we did
height strength muscle building
potential so this one will focus on
endurance as always quick disclaimer
number one when i say race it's just a
great way to categorize people right the
world is extremely diverse there are a
ton of ethnicities out there but i have
to condense everybody into ten groups
and calculate the average as this video
will obviously be five hours long right
so i don't hear no comments
about why am i lumped up with this crew
while my people lumped up with this shut
up right if you guys are around the same
geographical location and exposed to the
same
natural selection pressures over time
i'm gonna lump you up with the group
that you most closely associate with as
far as genetic polymorphisms go and last
but not least guys for the last you guys
need to take a statistics call because
this is annoying average does not mean
all i repeat average does not mean all
so if a group ranks somewhere right it's
on average it doesn't mean everybody in
that group is going to fall into that
category right so if we said the average
salary in the country or the average
income in the country is 50 000 a year
that doesn't mean everybody in that
country makes 50 000 a year
right some of you guys are so
stupid it blows my mind right obviously
some are gonna make more some are gonna
make less same thing with genetics and
polymorphisms and things like that right
so when we say a group of people on
average
or high in this or low in this it does
not mean everyone in that group falls
within that category right some will be
above the average some will be below the
average and also remember that at the
end of the day genetics
explains 66 percent two-thirds of the
variance in sports performance this is
proven
and has been replicated over and over
and over again in the literature right
but that still means that about 34 of
the variants can still be explained by
the environment so that's cultural
factors and everything else that doesn't
have to do with genetics right so even
though genetics do play the biggest role
in sports performance by far again
two-thirds that's more than 50 percent
there's still a nice little chunk about
34 percent of variance
that can be explained by non-genetic
factors right
so for you black pale out
there stop tapping on so early
anyway let's get started the criteria
we're going to use again the same chair
lace right i'm about to not best of the
best pill garbage at the bottom okay in
the middle um again we're going to rank
them obviously based on an objective
criteria which is anatomy so that
includes bone structure lame length how
narrow and wide the waist is the center
of gravity blah blah blah
again watch the other videos to get
caught up we're going to include muscle
fiber composition and obviously genetic
polymorphisms
so the ace gene pp or alpha apq
ckm hfe gabq all of those genes are
going to play a role in this right let's
get started right so let's start with
mix again mixed races that's everybody
that's mixed so if you mix black mix
white if you latino which obviously
means you mix native american
western central african and european
right they're always going to be an okay
because it obviously depends on who you
mix with right
next samoans pure garbage right you guys
already saw this coming this listed
pretty much it's almost the inverse of
the list that i did on strength and
power right if you have a lot of genetic
polymorphism that give you an advantage
in strength and power output then that's
gonna you sideways when it comes to
endurance right polynesians on average
right too big the anatomy bad too stocky
too strong too robust too powerful which
is obviously a detriment when it comes
to endurance because remember you got to
be short you got to be lanky you got to
have long legs you got to have narrow
waist and narrow hips
in order to dominate an endurance
obviously on average and that's
literally the opposite phenotype that
most polynesians have once again on
average based on that again europeans
bad on average too stocky too robust
mainly due to the adaptations that the
ancestors had to uh had to accrue over
time all right birdman and allen's rule
adapting to a cold climate so good body
type for power strength packing on slabs
of muscle but very bad phenotype for
endurance again on average and for that
same reason west africans bad again if
you saw the video on strength and power
you should already know why great
phenotype for power great phenotype for
strength great phenotype for packing on
muscle but on average very bad phenotype
for endurance middle east bad same
reasons as west african and what
them the most is actually that they have
the highest frequency of the ace dd
polymorphism right west africans are
second on that list right so that really
 them up right because their heart
rate goes up way too fast due to this
again watch my video on uh the genetics
of the middle east north africa and some
parts of central asia and you know what
i'm talking about aboriginals right
aboriginal australians bad for that same
reason south asians amazing
again it's the complete opposite of the
power and strength cheerless right the
anatomy is there the short stature the
small skeletal frame the lanky limbs and
a lot of endurance genes remember guys
this is the number one south asians have
the number one phenotype when it comes
to survival right anything that requires
enduring anything that requires having a
lower metabolic rate anything that
allows you to go long periods of time
without food right very very thrifty
genes right which is funny because a lot
of them and moan about not having
uh you know the highest frequencies of
the genetics for power and strength and
muscle mass and all that but they forget
that every single phenotype comes with
pros and cons right genes that make you
good at certain things will make you
terrible at other things right you can't
pick and choose it's all based on what
your ancestors evolved and had to adapt
to native americans same thing
right especially as you get closer to
south america right they have a lot a
lot a lot of genes that make them great
endurance athletes if you watch the
boxing video i go in more detail a small
group of them also evolved at higher
altitudes i made a video about that when
i did the east african video so
obviously that gives them an advantage
when it comes to vo2 max and things like
that and aerobic capacity asians same
thing right mainly east asians obviously
 amazing the only thing that
screws them is you know the limbs right
they have the small frame short stature
on average obviously the height is going
up due to nutrition but the only problem
is is the stocky body right the short
legs and the low center of gravity hurts
a bit else that'll be a number back to
not category right so they're pretty
much like a smaller version of europeans
yeah and it's no surprise that they're
right next native american because
remember native americans are actually
descendants of east asians that cross
into north america last but not least
east africans i'm about to not category
you guys already knew this was coming
these guys are so lucky when it comes to
endurance to keep in mind this is on
average because there's one tribe in
there that brought them from
amazing all over the time about tonight
which is obviously the calendar tribe
right right so on average that check
every single box except for acting in
three right shoulder stature narrow hips
long limbs high center gravity long
skinny ass legs and adaptation to high
altitude which again i wanted to detail
in the east africa video all right so
they literally have perfect phenotype
for endurance and keep in mind like i
said this is on average and like i said
earlier remember genetics only explain
about 66 percent of the variance in
sports performance right so don't assume
just because the group is down here up
here that they're gonna win
the next marathon or whatever right you
still have to factor in the other 34
which is environment culture nutrition
obviously for example a lot of people in
south asia have a lot of endurance genes
but one a lot of them don't even know it
you know right because their parents are
pushing them towards a completely
different route right the academic route
uh some of them have issues with protein
intake blah blah blah right so you also
have to look at nutrition environment
culture and things like that right
anyway guys hope this video helps let me
know what chill issue want me to make
next join the reddit where we have more
of these conversations see you guys in
the comment section all right guys don't
forget to like or share the video
subscribe and hit the bell and buy my
hsb nucleus of a little training program
it's the ultimate program for maximum
muscle growth it includes full body
workout splits bro splits push-pull home
workouts you name it also comes with a
complete guide for macros nutrition fat
loss muscle growth hormones
including a meal plan it's pretty much
all my 16 years of experience
condensed into one book you're
also gonna get free copies of any future
edition so visit team 3d alpha.com and
you can use the 40 off coupon code
nucleus overload or you could just buy
this at full price all right guys
i'm out of here
