hey guys what's going on Megan here
quick video figured out pause and show
you guys what I was up to it's uh what
time is
it it is 4:00 in the morning getting
ready for work in school it's actually
the first day the semester start back
today
so um I got to start
planning so yesterday I spent the whole
day to prepare my macros my meals you
guys know I'm not I'm not a big fan of
tracking macros but uh I'm 4 weeks out
right now this say 5 I I got to update
cuz today's Monday I'm currently 4 weeks
out uh and when I get close to uh
finishing my my cut I want to make sure
uh I like tracking you know cuz you guys
know I'm always experimenting with my
body so I like track tracking the
progress I like tracking to see how my
body responds to different foods
different adjustments and things like
that so that's when I would track my
macros I would track them just to have
an idea what my body is doing how it's
responding track any changes and you
know I don't know uh inflammation
allergies things like that so it's good
to have a database that's why why I make
a lot of make a lot of these videos to
tell you guys well you know I actually
eat this many calories back then I used
to eat this much back then it's because
uh uh I track everything not for the
purpose of uh really Direction but
mainly so I can look back and see all
right you know at this period of time I
was eating this much you know ABC and I
about to responding this way blah blah
blah so it's mainly for history just to
be able to look back and see you know
changes so anyway so I did that
yesterday and um I got to clean this up
I did that yesterday I did my meal plan
for the week you guys know I live my
life in in seven Cycles I got more fish
I live my life in 7day
Cycles so I
um I pretty much uh I don't know how to
explain it uh watch the other videos I
can't really think right now cuz I'm
doing too many things at once but I only
plan for the next seven days right yes I
have long-term goals but I focus on the
next seven days and then when I reach
seven days I start again the next seven
days it allows me to reset make sure I'm
in the right direction make sure I'm not
serving too far for me you know for my
goals and things like that so breaking
up long-term goals into 7-Day cycle
7even goals it's been working for me for
the last uh four 5 years I think um so
yeah so most again try out if you if you
never heard of it it's just I just call
it the the 7 Days to Live you know uh
daily Management program but anyway so
yeah so I was planning for for the seven
days I was planning on Sunday cuz you
know that's when the cycle ends and
begin and so yeah I did my maal plans uh
and I what I like to do is the night
before I go to bed that's when I try to
see what I'm going to eat the next day
you what I mean I don't eat I mean when
you're body build you're going to eat
the same [ __ ] you know I don't like to
call myself a body build cuz I'm really
not you know but you guys know what I
mean you're going to eat the same thing
right protein beef chicken whe protein
things like that carbs rice potatoes so
what I like to do is I like to switch it
up right I like to make sure if I'm
eating chicken how many different ways
can I cook that chicken if I'm eating
fish how many different ways can I eat
that fish so what I do is I'll show to
you guys on a separate video I write
down protein on Excel I put protein I
put all the proteins that I like to eat
and I put carbs and I put all the cars I
like to eat right and then I go across
so let's say protein I put beef across
on the beef section I put all the
different types of beef that I normally
cook you know that I like to eat same
thing with chicken you know you know all
the different types of chicken meals
that I like to make this way when I'm
looking for my meals for tomorrow for
instance I sit down open up my EXL and I
just go okay Tom I feel like eating
chicken for my first meal I look at
chicken I look at all the recipes that I
could make with chicken and based on my
taste buz for that week or that night I
pick whatever I want to think so it's a
really simple method to plan your meals
the night before so you don't have to
sit there and think oh my God am I going
to eat tomorrow you know just have all
your favorite meals custom meals already
made you know and you just go out there
and select the things that fit your goal
or your you know the diet you on whether
you're doing macros or if it ficial
macros or car it doesn't matter what
you're doing this thing works regardless
of your diet and having your custom
Mals according to each type of protein
and carb and then going on and selecting
meals from that so as as you can tell
for Tom for this week I'm GNA eat a lot
of beef a lot of fish a lot of pork chop
so I chop them up just so they're easier
to store and they're easier to weigh on
my
scale I still use this scale right here
and so let's say I need 6 oz I just did
6 oz weigh it down put it in my things
put it in my bag boom up to work done
that's meal one meal two same thing so I
everything the night before so uh it's
very good to to mass prepare your meals
you know like I'm doing that mass
prepare everything MK prepare your
protein for the week you know I buy a
salmon I think uh yeah already a bought
the salmon for instance I cook
everything on the same day as you guys
just saw cook everything on the same day
um pork chop same thing cook everything
beef cook everything this what have room
in my fridge chop it up in tiny pieces
put it in containers and then boom man
your meals are done you know you got to
find ways to make this process of diet
especially if you like me you got you
got a lot of [ __ ] to manage you know
school is starting I've got to finish my
my third degree and go to Tech and do
another two uh you know the kid and the
channel and the two jobs and all these
things if you if you if you managing a
lot of things you want to make sure you
put a lot of stuff on autopilot you
don't want to have to get up everything
and think what should I eat today what's
my milal plan for today what's this
what's my work after today have
everything done either on Sunday night
for the next seven days you just go you
know go ahead and pick and choose you
know what I'm saying so so what I'm
doing now guys I'm going to go back to
finishing the rest of the fish the
rice is cooking it's going to be mainly
my car sauce for this week rice and
potatoes I'm also going to make the
potatoes in bulk and do the exact same
thing and then go ahead and pick based
on my proportions and things like that
and that's it guys hope this video helps
just a quick tip you know quick Vlog
know nothing special uh if you got any
questions put video question in the
comment section I'm going to try to make
a lot of videos this week because once
again a semester starting so you want to
a lot of me so uh put put your question
below either on the Facebook fan page or
my Instagram my my personal Facebook it
doesn't matter just send your questions
I'll try to respond as fast as I can and
that's it man Thanks for liking the
videos team 3D dominance discipline
y Come On Son anyway so y let's let's
make a video and show how we came out
with these insiders and we spend like
the last 10 minutes laugh the first one
is you have to have
