guys all right guys what's going on me
here let me fix the camera hold on Uncle
tripping all right all right guys this
[ __ ] almost changed my life every
[ __ ] video I make what why does it
feel like the video is not on me yeah it
is okay I said that almost every [ __ ]
video right but this one really [ __ ]
did right now
um I stumbled upon this when I first
made oh my [ __ ] goodness man it just
looks
slanted all right good I stum upon this
when I first made the video on um what
is it [ __ ] called I don't remember my
video titles man I CH to M so many times
try to get more views on them but uh I'm
going to put it right here right um the
video about how in order for you to put
on a pound of muscle a month your body
simply needs to synthesize and retain
three gam of [ __ ] protein a day right
watch that video right and it's it's not
bro signs do the [ __ ] math right a
pound of muscle is about I think
476 G of
muscle I think divide that by 30 that's
about 15 gram of muscle a day everybody
has to put on 15 G of muscle a day for
you to put on the B of muscle a month
right 15 G of muscle um roughly about
20% protein I'm kind of pushing this
it's less than that but it's about 20%
Protein that's how you get the number
three right so that's how you realize
that if your body can take synthesiz and
keep cuz your body can stize and break
down your body can synthesize and keep
an additional 3 g of protein a day right
3 g of protein think about the amount of
protein that we eat on a daily basis and
I'm talking about like after your body
use what it needs to maintain your
muscle mass all that [ __ ] if we could
had three more gram you put on the pound
of muscle the month right now what then
the question was I want on Batman mode I
was like wait a minute we train hard we
lift heavy right we go to the gym
frequently you know we've been Lifting
for a while why is it that we not
putting on that additional one pound of
muscle a month if you think about that's
a lot of [ __ ] muscle and yet it only
takes 3 G A Day right 3 G additional a
day after your body maintain everything
that needs that's why are we not putting
on that kind of muscle mask how come cuz
I mean random person watching my video
right now you probably eat let's say 100
g of protein a day right maybe 200 g of
protein a day maybe 80 g of protein a
day and assuming you had a caloric you
know Surplus um even yeah a surplus you
still don't put on a pound of pure
muscle probably put on the bound but
probably glycogen water weight all that
[ __ ] but why is it that nobody past the
noob stage obviously past the noob
Gaines why come nobody's not putting on
that consistent one pound of muscle when
you only need three gam of protein a day
out of the T that eat so my brain went
on [ __ ] Batman I was like I got to
figure this out I got to figure this out
right and finally months later you know
I stumbled upon something remember
[ __ ] Mario Staten click click this
video right here I made a video about
Mario Sten a long time ago everything is
coming back and that's is very important
to do a lot of research because
eventually everything comes back in make
a story short assuming you watch the
video my stand is a little [ __ ] that
stops muscle growth right that's the
gene that I think the MTS Gene makes
that [ __ ] right St C about MTS Gene I
think it's a low [ __ ] protein that
goes around and [ __ ] up your muscle
gains right it it stops your body from
getting too [ __ ] big so that told me
something I was like wait a minute my
Statin when you turn it off you get
bigger when you turn the gene on you get
smaller so what does that tell you I
mean obviously you guys saw the studies
of my Statin uh the kid that that's a my
Statin deficiency that's like big as
[ __ ] at like four years old he's like
Chu's [ __ ] height he looks like T um
you got the rats that scientist decided
to go ahead and turn off the myat and
Jean and they [ __ ] had the double
muscle effect you got the cows the the
Belgian Blue Bulls all that [ __ ] that
look [ __ ] swo sentu beans for days so
I started thinking I was like wait a
minute so you turn off the Gene and
people get swoll you turn it back on and
it get smaller what does that tell you
what does that tell you if I take a jean
say this is your DNA right here right
and that's the
part say that's the part that makes my
sta right so say that's the empty you
know gen whatever it's [ __ ] called
and that's the part that makes my stand
when you turn this [ __ ] off
there's no more my stand in your blood
no more my stand in your muscle cells
and your muscle just keep growing like
[ __ ] crazy right so that tells you
that prior to this your body's always
growing you get what I mean that means
your body's always trying to get swoll
your body's always trying to put on
muscle and my Statin is the one that
limits that muscle growth that's why
mind you it doesn't say you got to turn
off the my stattin Gene and then turn on
the muscle building G no no no you just
turn off my stand just by itself and
without increasing your caloric intake
without increasing your protein intake
without even increasing your
testosterone levels the the the organism
ping a lot of muscle so that tells you
that your body is already trying to get
swore we had it backwards we always
thinking well we got to go to the gym to
increase protein centes we got to go to
the gym to get bigger to get Soler no
you're not trying to go to the gym to
get bigger you're not eating right and
trading right to get bigger you're
really doing all that [ __ ] to stop
getting smaller
it's really what you're doing because
going to the gym releases uh training
releases I think it's called f Statin
that's the thing that actually offsets
my so every time you train you releasing
that that counter my Statin and it
knocks my Statin down allows your body
to put on the muscle until my Statin
comes back up and starts [ __ ] [ __ ] up
again that's to limit you from getting
too big because it's you know it leads
to energy problems and things like that
your body's trying to like stay at a
relatively small site so now how does
this how does this help us number one it
changes our way of thinking cuz now we
realize I don't have to force my body to
grow it's already trying to grow right
remember what I said earlier what I'm
what we're really trying to do is we
trying to stop mayaan we're trying to
stop our the the one [ __ ] that limits
our muscle growth cuz like I said if you
stop my stating you growing regardless
of what the [ __ ] you doing that little
5-year-old kid that big as [ __ ] he's not
doing Progressive overload all the [ __ ]
that we got to struggle with he's not
increasing his protein intake the cows
the rats all these things they're just
normal they're grazing with the rest of
the her but yet they're getting bigger
simply because that Gene is deleted so
that tells you that your body's already
trying to expand all we have to do is
find a way to limit that [ __ ] that's why
working out makes you bigger because
when you work out let me rephrase that
working out doesn't make you bigger
working out suppresses Mar and which let
your body keep doing what it was trying
to do in the first place which is growth
so the key to this is you're not trying
to increase protein synthesis you're
trying to limit protein breakdown and
that's the [ __ ] responsible for
protein breakdown so let's say that's
why uh a study came out think two two
years ago that shocked the word right
they discovered that protein cesis was
not the only thing related to muscle
growth because they had a lot of people
training and they found out at the end
of the studies that the people that U
had the highest py tennes rates did not
have the most the most muscle growth and
they like what what the [ __ ] is this
protein syn is not directly correlated
to muscle growth and this this the
reason why because if you have a 80%
increase in protein sentences but then
you have a 90% increase in protein
breakdown cuz of mar Statin then you
have a negative 10 10% balance you're
not going to get soil but yet a guy who
has a 20% increase in protein synthesis
which is puny but has a 5% increase in
protein breakdown it's going to get
bigger so that's to show you that it's
more about reducing protein breakdown
than increasing protein CES and that's
where the whole nucleus overlo thing
also goes sure you watch that video on
on the nucleus overlo so now the
question is how do we low mind and I
already made a video about that studies
found out that doing High Reps that's
another reason why the nucleus of little
thing work by pure accident I told you
guys when I was experimenting with it I
was doing extremely High Reps doing that
phas and I wasn't I wasn't really
growing doing that phas but after that's
why you got take that break my body blew
up why because they find out that doing
extremely High Reps for some reason I
think it flushes out my stand out of the
muscle or something like that allows the
muscle to promise off a growth another
reason why uh katsu training occlusion
training works so well even than not
using heavy weights is because it lowers
Mya and they're doing like very high WS
with very very puny weights so um make
sure you if you're doing the of you
don't have to worry about this it's
nothing the already makes you do high
WPS and high V for a certain amount of
time and then you go back to doing heavy
weight you don't want to do this your
whole [ __ ] life you also want to live
heavy because that's the only way you're
going to get that bone density that
allows you to get bigger remember the
bigger bones you have the bigger and
stronger bones the more your muscles
have to grow to accommodate so don't
just do High Reps your whole [ __ ]
life and that's why I miss so many
videos about not just stick into a five
rep range and all that [ __ ] why
sometimes you got to make your set your
sets as long as possible
ramping when you in space ramping
especially if you're there for a long
time because your body's like hey this
[ __ ] is light he doesn't need
all that muscle starts breaking it down
even though they're eating more see so
it's not about trying to increase your
muscle mass about trying to reduce that
protein breakdown and when it come back
to earth you guys don't feel the gravity
on Earth because you grew up here right
when they come back to earth obviously
that feeli to change CU they're like oh
man this [ __ ] is it's different and
eventually myang go down and allows the
muscle to keep growing cuz that's what
it's meant to do to just keep growing
which is amazing right body's trying to
work with you you just got to kill my
side so um that's another reason why if
you just take a random guy who's
training hard lifting heavy doing all
that good [ __ ] and you turn off his M
stat gy it doesn't matter what the [ __ ]
he's doing I mean if you turn on his M
staty or you keep increasing his M stat
levels doesn't matter what he's doing
he's not going to get bigger so hope
this guy this um this discovery changes
the way you see training nutrition and
all that stuff that's also why we were
not getting uh 3 g of protein every day
was because event you have too much
Miland in your blood it doesn't matter
how much you're eating your body just
breaks it down breaks it down to the
point that you can't even retain three
gram of day all right so I want to keep
doing studies on MAR and because it's
relatively new there's not a lot of
textbooks in it whatever going to keep
doing research on it but everything is
coming back now everything makes sense
now why is it that nucleus Sol works so
well why is it that high frequency
training and high volume training works
so well CU every time you do high volume
training High rest whatever you lowering
that am that so everything makes sense
now so stay tuned for part two on this
uh I'm not I'm not going to tell you
guys when it's coming out cuz I'm still
doing research on it plus school started
so we'll see um that's it thanks for
liking and sharing the
video uh oh my
un all right guys uh thanks for buying
the T-shirt Thanks for liking thanks for
sharing Tim through the alpha I'm out of
here
y Come On Son anyway so y let's let's
make a video and how we came over these
insiders and we spent like the last 10
minutes laughing the first one is you
have to you have to
