if we want to be as objective as
possible in the street fight again
that's the key word in the street fight
i think the win goes to
hey what's going on megan here all right
today's sunday so we're gonna answer
questions relating to sports or strength
um but today we'll focus on sports all
right so who do you think wins in a
straight fight prime mike tyson the
prime alexander carolyn uh he says i
think tyson will have a six second time
frame deny calendar out which is
entirely possible but if it doesn't
happen and calvin gets a hold of him
it's over for mike and callum will just
ragdoll him all right so before i get my
answer obviously go in the comment
section and
let me know what you guys think but you
know even though i'm biased towards mike
tyson uh loved him growing up admired
him i have to stay objective in this one
all right so let's take a quick look at
the rundown let's pull out the same
scouter we have mike tyson
versus alex and the catalan by the way
if you haven't watched my video alex in
the calendar i suggest you check it out
but long story short first of all let's
let's remember guys this is not a fair
fight right it is not a fair fight but
he said in a street fight right because
obviously you can't compare a wrestler
to a boxer right obviously still
completely different sports different
techniques different training right so
you can't really compare the two but for
the sake of this video and again this is
just for fun um and again he did save
street fight uh so first of all let's
look at the basic stats right whenever i
try to compare two people before we get
into subjective things such as oh who
has better technique and what's better
this i look at the objective things
right which is obviously the top three
height weight and reached whenever
you're talking about fighting these are
the top three things that i look at
first height weight and reach again
those are not the only uh contributors
to uh are the only predictors of
fighting success but there are three of
the biggest pieces of the puzzle uh
obviously mike tyson you guys know mike
tyson mike tyson's about 510 220 pounds
obviously he's way fluctuated meanwhile
alexander caroline one of the greatest
greco wrestlers if not the greatest uh
whoever lived was about six two six
three right so when it comes to height
alexander already wins now again keep in
mind height is not everything even
though it's a huge huge huge factor it's
not everything right tyson has knocked
out a lot of boxes taller than him but
we cannot downplay uh the advantage that
hai plays in obviously in the street
fight next let's look at weight tyson
was around 220 right over under carolyn
alexander was around 285 right and as
you can see he wasn't fat right
so it's a lot of muscle at 285
so as you can see tyson has already
given up over 60 pounds of lean mass
right or just mass in general and
remember this is a street fight there
are no rules right let's assuming no
weapons of course right so this is a lot
to give up right so based on weight
alone right obviously there's a reason
why there's weight classes and boxing is
the reason why there's weight classes
and wrestling the reason why there's
weight classes and weightlifting right
because bigger opponents have a huge
advantage right so we're not going to
argue that now of course you can make
out for that with technique and all the
other stamina
but again we're just being objective for
that so when it comes to weight
obviously caroline can exert way more
force way more power right they decide
to grapple or whatever and last but not
least reach obviously the person with a
longer reach is going to have an
advantage in the fight all that's equal
right there's some cases where having a
shorter reach can help i mentioned that
in one of the boxing videos i think it
was the parts of your mexicans but um
but again all that sequel the fighter
with the longer reach has an advantage
so just based on those three factors
alone carolyn has a huge advantage again
that doesn't mean he can't get knocked
the out right like i said tyson
that's sticking down upon us way bigger
than him before
but holy in the street fight guys
it's not even close right even if you
didn't know who tyson was even if you
didn't know who alexander was you cannot
compare wrestler to a boxer especially
not in a street fight this was a boxing
match absolutely uh this is an easy win
right for tyson but wrestling and keep
in mind guys not only i'm already biased
towards tyson actually like tyson better
um i also think boxing is a much cooler
sport than wrestling but we got to be
objective a professional wrestler at the
top of his game will annihilate a
professional boxer at the top of his
game in a street fight it's not even
close if they're both at the top of the
game right because keep in mind the
wrestler has way more
way more moves in his arsenal
way more strength
on average and can snap your up in
30 different ways right so as long as
you can't avoid being knocked out of
course it's not even a fair fight right
and they were both at the top of the
game they were both legends in the sport
tyson was 56
but carolyn if you guys remember was 887
and two
think about that record for a minute 887
wins and two losses
now again two different sports
uh but jesus christ you cannot
you cannot uh throw that under the rug
so conclusion as much as i love boxing
as much as i love tyson if we want to be
as objective as possible in the street
fight again that's the key word in the
street fight i think the win goes to
alexander he is bigger he's taller he
has a better reach and obviously uh he's
the wrestler you cannot compare wrestler
to a box on the street fight it's just
not fair tyson obviously still has a
chance of winning as long as he lands
one or two knockout punches but boy
those chances are slim all right guys
comment below let me know what you guys
think let me know who you think will win
this fight again this is all for fun
please don't turn this into some kind of
 war right and again this is
just my opinion all right i'm out of
here all right guys don't forget to like
or share the video subscribe and hit the
bell and buy my hsp nucleus of a little
training program it's the ultimate
program for maximum muscle growth it
includes full body workout splits bro
splits push-pull home workouts you name
it also comes with a complete guide for
macros nutrition fat loss muscle growth
hormones
including a meal plan it's pretty much
all my 16 years of experience
condensed into one book you're
also gonna get free copies of any future
edition so visit team3d alpha.com and
you can use the forty percent off coupon
code nucleus overload or you could just
buy this at full price all right
guys i'm out of here
