it's
fine just make my
[Laughter]
drink oh that
smell all right guys got home in fact
two days ago I went to this tire
restaurant right really really good food
actually last week really really good
food and what I did is I got their menu
I still got the low budget mentality I
got the menu so I could go home and
YouTube the recipes they're really good
right so I I yoube their recipes like
three four five of them cuz most
Cuisines have a distinctive taste right
usually because of some kind of spices
they use like um Indian food they use a
lot of Curry um Chinese food a lot of
[ __ ]
sugar and I was like you know what
there's something about that food that's
so good so I went on onine and I looked
at the best way to find out cuz it will
never tell you so look at like four
different recipes and see what are the
common ingredients right simp that's use
for bodybuilding and I discovered it was
fish sauce oyster sauce hoisen sauce and
soy sauce make a little story short I
went and got the ingredients and I
decided to come home and make the same
rice right so I did it real quick so if
you want a video on it just let me know
how make it but all you need is
[ __ ] can I see this no all you need
is uh rice cook your rice first um cook
your egg separately um and then
just put coconut oil or whatever stir
frying onions um bell peppers broccoli
uh whatever you want right
and when it's like you know when the
onions are like translucent is that what
I'm looking for translucent me SM me
sounds smart um time to add in the the
[ __ ] did I add the rice it's my first
time making this it came out so [ __ ]
good I was like I got to make a video on
it you put the rice then you no before
you put the rice yeah rewind when
the when the [ __ ] onions are
translucent you want to throw in the
sauce right the the fish sauce I'm
warning you guys it smells like straight
ass smell lot people just spit and
[ __ ] shook that [ __ ] and put it in
put the fish sauce put
the man I love Tha food the hoisen sauce
and then the soy sauce things like that
you can put in um um the oyster sauce
which I didn't you know I I didn't get a
CH to use I forgot to buy it mix it all
up add the rice add the eggs and just
like Stir It Stir It stir it put
whatever season you want to put garlic
powder onion powder typical [ __ ] and
just stir fro start sauté in that [ __ ]
and God it's so good oh and I also put
mushrooms in it cuz you know I love
mushrooms so the mushrooms give it a
distinctive taste and flavor and man I'm
loving it if you want a recipe if you
want like a typical CH recipe when I go
through the details comment below if I
get like I don't know 300 likes I'll
probably make it if not [ __ ] yall but um
yeah if you got a tie place next to you
you never ate TI food check it out it is
delicious all right guys I'm
out hey guys what's going on making here
a really quick video on how to get big
arms bigger arms the best exercises for
bigger arms on from a scientific point
of view cuz obviously that once again I
look at both science and science certain
things you just can't look at based on
anecdotes you can't tell us the best EX
size for biceps as for as
