hey guys going on Megan here all right
quiz according to four studies
ashwagandha is a powerful testosterone
booster meaning a guaranteed 20 or more
increase in testosterone is this true or
false so I'm going to give you guys the
answer to the poll to the quiz whatever
and I'm gonna explain to you guys why
the answer is what it is and then I'm
gonna check the comments and see what
everybody else has to say all right so
what do you guys think true false true
false if you want you could comment and
answer before I give you guys the the
correct answer
uh the answer is false
once again yep according to four studies
Astro gun is the powerful to Slauson
booster meaning you're getting at least
20 or more increasing T and that is
false
um that does not mean that actually
gonna doesn't work it's just it is
marketed as a powerful testosterone
booster when it's not
a powerful testosterone booster is
something that increases testosterone
but at least 20 or more at least why is
that because testosterone levels
fluctuate throughout the day so much
that again the standard division is so
wide right that's why placebo effect
kicks in
um correlation issues kick in right I
mean once again you guys know that you
could just compete with someone and get
up to a 600 to 700 increase in
testosterone you can look at an
attractive woman and get a 30 to 40
increase into stuff so many things
increase testosterone more than 20
percent
um acutely of course meaning it goes
back down that if a testosterone booster
does not give you a significant increase
it should not be marketed as a
testosterone booster and if you look at
the the four studies that I mentioned
um I think the biggest increase was like
17 I was looking at me wrong 17 you know
it's good uh but it's not enough to be
one statistically significant if you
compare all the different cables doing
um things out there uh the natural tea
boosting techniques and once again and
also I'm also going to explain why
astronaut even works in the first place
so the main reason why it increases
testosterone is because the lowest
cortisol right it lowest cortisol that
it has some other mechanisms right
lowering inflammation
helping with some of the enzymes that
are involved in steroidogenesis but the
main mechanism really is by lowering
cortisol and obviously you guys know
anything that Lewis cortisol that lower
stress is indirectly going to increase
uh testosterone simply because the two
antagonize each other right when your
body is making cortisol your body is
making less testosterone on average most
of the time there are some some
exceptions but I'll mention those in a
in a different video so that's the main
mechanism so if you really stressed out
you have really high uh stress levels
really high cortisol levels and you take
ashwagandha again it's going to lower
inflammation it's just going to lower
the cortisol which is going to allow
your pituitary
really your hypothalamus to release your
NRH and then the pituitary is going to
release luteinizing hormone and
eventually your chassis are going to
reduce you know are going to release
multiple right so that's the main
mechanism I said there are other
mechanism but that's the main mechanism
meaning you could achieve that without
ashwagandha there are many ways to lower
cortisol right you could lower cortisol
by just eating carbs healthy carbs of
course you can lower cortisol by
meditating you can look over the Soul by
uh getting more sleep you little
cortisol by you know going outside
getting some there are so many ways you
could lower cortisol to increase
testosterone instead of spending a ton
of money in natural garden now if
ashwagandha was super cheap
then I say sure why not you know I just
don't like when people overprice [ __ ] uh
you know and say oh look this is gonna
boost your T Levels by you know a huge
amount when the mechanism can be copied
by something that's substantially
cheaper so that's my main issue with
actually going there so I'm not saying
it doesn't work it does work like I said
I have to be objective and based on the
research there are tons and tons of
studies on ashwagandha that's one thing
I I gave I should have done that there's
a lot of research on it I've read them
all you guys know me I'm a nerd I read
all the [ __ ] studies
um on humans on rats blah blah Vivo
vitro
and it does work it does work that's one
thing I give it but I think it's
overpriced I think it's overpriced
um based on the fact that like I said
you know the the mechanism by which it
works can be achieved
um through other means for much less
much less so if ashwagandha goes down to
like five dollars a bottle I'd be like
by all means take it you know but right
now I think it's two of a price and and
that's not t-boosting companies get you
guys they don't tell you the mechanism
they just say oh look this thing works
right you know so they kind of have
lying have to on the truth but they
don't tell you oh this thing works but
we just overpricing the [ __ ] out of it
oh look this thing works but it's still
the same mechanism as as going outside
in the sun
so
yeah so long story short this is false
right this is false it does not boost T
by more than 20 on average
um the biggest increase was like 17 or I
think 19 or something
um and like I said it works mainly
through lowering inflammation which is
high by the way if any testosterone
booster works apart from having zinc and
vitamin D and all the minerals that you
get from food
it's mainly by lowering inflammation
that's all it is right because
inflammation is one of the number one
killers of testosterone so anything that
lowers inflammation chronic inflammation
I'm not talking about inflammation from
the gym that's different you actually
need that so my chronic inflammation
from oxidative stress from eating junk
food or not sleeping enough right
so most t-boosters work through that
pathway and again they're just
overpriced it because they're a mini
natural cheaper ways to lower
inflammation all right so let's look at
the comments and see what everyone has
to say
all right from what I've heard actual
goodness is more used as an adaptogen
it's used to lower stress color so
correct correct this guy knows this [ __ ]
and has been shown to help with stream
output and workouts because so that
doesn't directly increase T correct
correct
um the you you will find some studies
that show direct effect on T but most
studies like I said you should never
pick just one study you should look at
the vast amount of studies but most
studies agree that it indirectly
increases T through being an adaptogen
you know law encoder sort of stuff like
that t My Ink because you understand
guys colder soul is such a testosterone
[ __ ] man number one you have way more
clothes on intercostalone in the body
um I forgot the exact amount but it's a
crate you have a crazy amount of code so
compared to the amount of disaster you
have in your body right even at Baseline
I think it's like over 20 times more
cortisol yeah it is it's over 20 000
records so because nowadays the average
testosterone is like 600 right meanwhile
um in not a great production leader
meanwhile the average cortisol if you
convert it to nanogram per deciliter is
around 15 000 you know around the
mid-range some people it's 20 thousand
which is kind of you know kind of High
um
so you have a lot more cortisone so
that's one well what does it have to do
with anything well think about it in
order to make cortisol your body has to
use the very same precursor right which
is cholesterol right so your body has to
take a lot more cholesterol to make uh
you know cortisol so your body has to
take a lot of your cholesterol to turn
into cortisol not to mention the fact
that your adrenals which make cortisol
also make testosterone right and if your
adrenals are using cholesterol and
pregnenolone to make cortisol well
that's less pregnant alone it's going to
convert to Progesterone and eventually
you know DHEA and whatever and make
testosterone so they compete not just
for um not only compete for effects on
the body right but they also compete for
synthesis for precursors
um so that's why anything that Lewis
called it so it's going to indirectly
increase testosterone and anything that
increases cortisol is going to lower
this awesome anyway uh T might increase
but it's because this will be inhibited
lower there you go smart man
um if you're naturally you're more on
the neurotic side and it's causing you
anxiety uh to promote your cortisol or I
also have a comment about this hold on
just I was gonna say remind me you guys
can't remind me but uh if you're not
sure I'm on the neurotic side this is
causing you anxiety to the point where
you call yourself to the roof actually
we're gonna can help you for me it helps
me
um it keeps me calm it helps me sleep
better which entirely shows my tailors
are not being nuked uh now if you're
more on the trail side there you go oh
man this guy knows exactly what he's
talking about I could tell that you
probably read the research because
that's exactly one of the side effects
of ashwagana
um which is again he's right 100 if
you're very stressed out like I said
earlier in the video actually gonna my
help right it's gonna lower your stress
which is obviously gonna you know lower
cortisol increase testosterone
indirectly help you sleep more blah blah
blah right so it works great for you
know in that aspect but
inverted U curve you guys are gonna hear
that in every [ __ ] video Until I
[ __ ] die
inverter you go too much of a good thing
could be a bad thing
cortisol because if you lower cortisol
too much if you lower stress too much
you can actually become depressed
because people forget that we actually
need cortisol right everybody plastic
good and bad things right too low of a
bad thing can also be bad so you know
not enough code so it's bad
if your course levels are too low you're
going to lose motivation because we need
stress to be motivated we need stress to
have no adrenaline we need stress to
have a certain amount of focus
especially if you have the warrior Gene
what's my video in the Warrior Gene you
need to have some kind of stress because
you need that a noradrenaline and that
and that um
sorry you need noradrenaline and
adrenaline to be focused
um you need the acetylcholine boost so
we need cortisol if your cortisol is too
low due to actual Gunner or whatever you
gonna be depressed as [ __ ] you're gonna
be gonna have no motivation you're gonna
wake up and just lay in the bed you know
because sometimes it can make you too
relaxed so which is what I always say be
careful with supplements man you guys
think they just have all pros and no
cons
but uh yeah this is very this is very
true and this is very well documented
um next uh tonkad Ali is the god of OT
boosters out there haven't tried for
doji yet but man when I take that as
long as I it makes me horny I'm gonna
like so I'm gonna make a video about
something
um you guys can kind of guess
uh whether it works or not based on my
tone but I'm gonna make a video about it
don't worry uh next one lie I used it
and I felt even worse I know helped a
lot of people but I don't think it's a
guarantee some people think
um and watched my previous video on the
danger with testosterone boosting
supplements but
it increases testosterone by decreasing
cortisol correct correct but only for a
few weeks after that the hormones
normalized yeah because your body is all
about homeostasis it always looks for
ways to go back to homeostasis so
if you uh
I would tell people instead of taking
ashwagana to lower cortisol right find
out what's increasing your cortisol in
the first place and fix that it's going
to be cheaper and it's going to be a
longer lasting solution
uh but again you know some people might
want you know to have actual gun as a
backup plan like guys all these
supplements I've tried them like I don't
just you guys know my rules I don't just
talk about uh things that
you know I don't like even just my
opinion I like looking at the science
deeply right multiple studies and I also
like to combine it with bro songs which
is experience and you know coaching
experience life experience so everything
I talk about I either have a I have a
combination a lot of experience plus a
boatload of studies so I've tried
actually I've tried to because what do I
look like talking about something that
I've never tried that makes no sense
right so tonkad Ali Ashford Gunner
whatever that's some people to give you
guys objective reviews based on my
experience my clients experience my
friends experience studies on rats
studies on humans so um so I'm not just
bashing everything without you know just
because I just want a bad [ __ ] no I'm
just tired of seeing you guys getting
ripped off you know
focus on things that give you the
biggest bang for your buck in a very
affordable cheap and um and don't
substitute don't try to replace the
basics all right next it increases
testosterone by decreasing cortisol but
oh you already read that it's just
hustle looking closer so there you go if
it's refreshing you'll be fine yep
regardless I will choose to believe it
is true foreign
nice nice okay a lot of you guys
actually know for once I mean people I'm
getting smarter smarter comments and he
suppose now
uh let's see probably worth mentioning
to the people on it they can cause
inflammation in the liver they've been
reports okay it's too long uh
ashwaganders get that low in cortisol
okay nice nice
uh wait but don't forget all the time
because for me it caused me to become
numb yes this this happens to a lot of
people trust me a lot of people
I don't know what I don't know what it
does for chess but it helped a lot when
I was getting clean from another Beauty
diction nice you know nice uh dude to be
honest uh I couldn't care less about
studies and so on yeah that's the way
the bad mindset you know you gotta look
at everything you gotta look at
experience and studies you can't just
completely ignore scientific evidence uh
that doesn't mean you got to be dogmatic
about it but you have to
absorb information and pick the best
filter out the [ __ ] but anyway uh to
me the best test boosters are six hours
of sleep correct eggs correct beef Dairy
correct organized 60 minutes a day yep
clapping my it's funny you say you don't
care about the study but this is the
studies prove all of this
uh everything you just listed is heavily
backed up by research uh clapping magic
surprising consuming ginseng
um the girlfriend was the first to
notice the effect yep
from my own experience I have to say it
is false it just made me tired and
passive yeah yeah it makes a lot of
because remember guys if you lower
called it so too much you're gonna feel
like you're gonna be numb because we
need stress like we think about humans
we evolved in the wild we evolved as
hunters and gatherers we need a basic
amount of stress not too high uh but
also not too low in order to wake up to
have energy to move motivation to you
know to live it's like think about it
nor adrenaline and adrenaline which are
the main neurotransmitters made from
dopamine of course that allow us to
focus but keep think about it they're
also the neurotransmitters that are
released when we stressed you know
that's why a lot of people especially if
you have the warrior Gene you become
focused like crazy when the deadline
approaches right because you need that
stress
so
it's almost like actually going to lower
my testosterone
um let's see I'd say yes it's literally
one of the only supplements so and like
I said if something works for you keep
using it you guys that's my religion
right does it work is that's my religion
I say it all the time you guys think I'm
playing that's my religion does it work
ISM I believe in anything that works if
something works for you don't worry
about what I say don't worry about what
anybody else says do it I'm just giving
you guys the research and the experience
and I'm letting you guys make educated
you know better decisions but if if you
like I said if you snort [ __ ] monkey
ass and it gives you a 500 nanogram
that's later increasing testosterone
snort monkey ass right it doesn't matter
if a meta analysis says oh you know
beware Nordic monkey ass does not boost
heat if it works for you do it
you know so uh I'm not dogmatic at all I
just believing what works if it works
for you do it I would suggest make a
poll if we don't leave yeah well
it's good to regular Carter sub I know
so we're going to lowest dopamine from
experience I believe it's true there's
got to be some caps there's always the
cash bro
all right let's look let's hope a little
works in the John set up man uh let's
see train smart and hard socialize don't
stay around like a [ __ ] dope
correct correct you know the simple
things
um your ancestors were doing our sisters
had High T levels without doing any of
this [ __ ] you know so
let's see personally I never use wait
hold on let me look at the time it was
the timer 16 minutes man I rambled on so
much I use it to reduce stress 20 is too
high but yes you can increase it as much
as I know I reduce the stress all right
I don't think that's guarantees is alive
the only thing that's guaranteed is life
only thing that's guaranteed in life is
death and taxes
um at scammers he was gonna have [ __ ]
scammers only thing that is guaranteed
in life is to have taxes and [ __ ]
scammers I'm looking at you all the
[ __ ] influencers out there I can't
stand these [ __ ] all right she legit
is most powerful when he's using Winters
I'll make a video about that
um indirect yep good for stress not just
us on the sex drive
um let's see
never did anything for me personally
Associated
it does nothing I personally can't take
this [ __ ] don't buy those my things this
game's a scam waste of money
um first time I've heard of it probably
another dumb supplement all right so
good comments good comments I'm really
happy that a lot of people are educated
about you know
you know some of these topics
uh but yeah you know we gotta just keep
I mean just think about it you know look
half half of people have the answer
wrong that's a lot that's a lot all
right and these are people who are in
actually on YouTube in the fitness
industry can you imagine if these are
the imagine this poll was given to the
average person who doesn't see my videos
or anybody else's videos or it's not
educated they'll probably say oh yeah
yeah it definitely works from what I've
heard you know anyway guys hope this
video helps uh go out there and vote on
the other polls and I'm gonna make
um videos based on your responses all
right good luck oh and don't forget to
join the Discord all that good [ __ ] buy
the bugs support support peace
all right guys don't forget to like or
share the video subscribe and hit the
bell and buy my HSB nucleus of a little
training program you see ultimate
program for maximum muscle growth it
includes full body workout splits bro
splits push-pull home workouts you name
it also comes with a complete guide for
macros nutrition fat loss monster growth
hormones including a meal plan it's
pretty much all my 16 years of
experience condensed into one [ __ ]
book you're also gonna get free copies
of any future Edition so visit
team3dalpha.com and you can use the 40
off coupon code nucleus overload or you
could just buy the share full price all
right guys I'm out of here
