hey guys what's going on Megan here just
got back from the gym uh actually about
to take a stop at GameStop I don't know
if you guys can see haven't been in a
long time um I haven't played video
games in a while and I wonder what you
know what's side right now I know the
one game I was waiting for was
uh [ __ ] um Call of Duty ghost but
that's not until November but in the
meantime I was intip that game for
months but in the meantime I'm just
going to stop out there and see what
they got I haven't played video games in
a minute guys I mean the only thing I
play every now and then is uh I started
playing Darksiders lately again
Darksiders 2 and I started playing um
Skyrim a few months back but I've been
I've been in and out of the video game
business let me go back in there and see
what's up kind of Miss uh miss the game
Gamestop atmosphere and I'm a used game
[ __ ] you guys know me a little
Budgy I just I just look for used games
24/7 all right so see you all right
ready guys can you see mm this is what I
got from gam stop first I got this no
stop
okay light man all right they had this
deal with they were like buy two games
get one free two used games get one used
game free so I was trying to [ __ ] around
and get like two $5 games to get a $40
get free but then they said that no you
get the cheapest one free so I got me
Batman cuz I had this game hey baby I
had this game um for
years and what she calling I don't know
I had this game for years years in fact
the first time I got I was in Alabama
but I never beat it I got stuck in this
one part I forgot where it was there was
water electricity and [ __ ] like that and
I didn't know what to do then I bought
the game again when I came to Virginia
and I got stuck in the same place and I
got rid of it so I'm buying it this time
cuz uh bab mama is really good at
puzzles cameraman I mean really good at
puzzles then I got alham City cuz uh
once again I had this before when I had
game Fly I was running it but something
happened when I had to you know I went a
little bug I had to get rid of it so I
didn't beat this one yet this one and
then I got nut you guys know a big nuta
fan Big Nerd hat and um Ultimate Ninja
Storm 3 I heard it has most of the
recent characters long as he has ra and
Itachi I'm fine so I'm going to check it
out tonight probably the first I'm going
to play I wanted to get Pokemon cuz I
heard the new ones are coming out I mean
already came out but I don't have a DS
and I don't want to buy a DS which is
one game um I think I'm supposed to said
12 bucks so I'm I might just try to get
one of my friends D from Alabama other
than that yeah that's it so I got
GameStop uh let me know what what you
guys think about the new
um uh what's it
called what is it called [ __ ] is coming
out next week what's the game she
mentioned see what's coming out next
week I don't know uh [ __ ] I was paying
attention blank blank blank blank anyway
I'll upate you guys on my next games if
you're on PlayStation Network add me Jal
j r u b b a a l 89 I'm going to put on
the screen on the descript add me on PSN
if I'm full I just delete [ __ ] that on
that not actor all right peace
out all right guys what's up now I know
you I know you're looking confused kind
of like what's this video All About
we're looking like a burnt version of
the H twins right now but anyway I want
to tell you guys I I inbox a lot of my
subscribers a lot of you guys have been
with me from the beginning and you guys
messag me a lot and you know we have
conversations on Facebook whatever and
sometimes I forget that um I'm TR
