check out the difference between the
control mouse and the mouse that is
jacked up on file style right so this
mouse on the right here was engineered
to over produce file status and look how
much more massive it is compared to the
control mouse i mean look at the
difference in lag development it's like
you have smeagol here and big grammy on
the right all of these mice have normal
levels of testosterone so that's just to
show you how much muscle can be
generated just from with the
myostatin pathway alone and this was
another study where they did the exact
same thing at the top that's the control
mouse at the bottom that's the mask that
actually is over producing phylostatin
and is lacking the myostatin gene so
quadruple the muscle growth the biggest
mouse that we've ever been able to
produce in the lab look how much bigger
the one on the right is see left right
completely massive absolute unit this
one here is the quad difference
side angle here so if you want the best
genetics ever for muscle growth that's
the mutation you want you want to be
deficient in myostatin and over abundant
file stats
