hey guys what's going on Megan here all
right I'm a bunch of emails and this is
one question I keep getting and this is
from
um actually from a lot of people but
this guy I can't pronounce his name Har
tenu anyway it's uh people asking me
about body composition pretty much how
to build muscle how to lose fat blah
blah blah but mainly how to build muscle
in terms of
um uh keeping it simple because
obviously you go on the internet there
are a million articles a million videos
all telling you how to build muscle
right and it's easy to get confused I'm
not going to lie when I wanted to get
big when I was little I wanted to get
big it was a long journey I say from 142
lb to over 220 lb it was a long ass
Journey but guess what
the the the trend line of my
growth accelerated I mean it went
exponential when I discovered this three
simple things right three simple things
and when I say parab about like it
really went like it really accelerated
if you go back and you look at my videos
you notice I was really really really
skinny and I was trying to put on weight
and it was uh you know every time I
tried to Buck I would just I would just
get too fat and it was it was just a
right I was stuck around 160 for the
longest and everyone can tell me that
was my genetic potential because I was
142 lbs and they were like you won 60
that's 20 lbs you put on that's it you
know you can't get any bigger than that
naturally and then you know you guys
know how to [ __ ] give up next thing
you know I'm 170 180 190 200 220
obviously I put on fat too but obviously
that's understandable if somebody puts
on that much
muscle uh under a year and I did all
that under a year after my Noob games
mind you after your Noob games it's very
hard to put on muscle so the fact I was
able to put on that much size um that in
that that quickly after my Noob Gams
tells you that I was on to something I'm
not trying to brag it's just a fact you
know you go look at the progress and
you're like oh this guy's stuck at the
same way for a long time and then out of
nowhere just right and then eventually I
[ __ ] fell off and I stopped you know
uh life got in the way you know pretty
much ended up putting on fat but the
muscle building prog process took place
when I understood the three simple
things right
and I feel like if I give you those
three things I I keep responding to
emails and I keep mentioning this every
single time I'm like to keep it simple
follow this follow this follow that
follow that but the messages keep on
coming keep on coming so from now on
because I can't answer every single
email and I can right now I'm reading
through other messages I'm behind I mean
I haven't made videos in a year so
there's a lot of messages I'm trying to
get to I feel like this is the video I'm
going to refer everybody to right
everybody that's trying to put a muscle
is looking for the simple the nutshell
right this the video I'm going want to
refer you to and this is based on
everything science Bro Science anecdotes
I mean just just facts that that were
tested in [ __ ] Laboratories and then
things that were also tested in the gym
are people who train you know it's just
everything compiled right and you guys
know that's my philosophy I like
combining those two things you know you
don't want to just be on any one of the
extremes these are the top three things
you need to understand in order to build
muscle so where you won't have to rely
on anybody to say you know sell you scam
supplements or you know expensive ass
[ __ ] number one
right memorize this amino acids right
which is protein right growth factors
growth factors like you know MTO the
enzymes testosterone igf1 whatever and
ATP energy remember those three things
right those are the only three things
you need to know in order to put on
muscle the only three things that's what
everything boils down to every single I
don't care how many articles you read on
testosterone nation I don't care how
much times you went to Pub mad or
whatever it all boils down building
muscle and I've studied muscle building
for so [ __ ] long and eventually came
back to square one and was like all
right I didn't need to go that far right
because I realized those are the only
three things that matter what do I mean
right first of all what is what is
building muscle I feel like if you
understand how to BU if you understand
how muscle building takes place a lot of
your future question will be answered
already what is muscle building it's
your body literally synthesizing and
creating new tissue right or enlarging
the size of the most tisue you already
have so it's it's the equivalent to
building a house that is the easiest way
just easiest analogy building a [ __ ]
house right you have bricks you have
workers right people that that are
working and putting the you know
buildings together you know along with
the architect was like all right do this
do that do that and then you have money
you're not building a house without
[ __ ] money right you're not going to
just go somewhere have the bricks have
the the workers whatever and just say
build and it's just going to happen you
need money right so that's the three
things now what does it have to do with
the body right so the workers that's the
growth factors that's MTO enzyme that's
the you know myogenin igf1 growth
hormone myostatin testosterone all the
things that have to do with [ __ ]
growth right those are the growth
factors those are the workers right
that's like the architect and the
workers were going to come there and
build your [ __ ] Castle build your
Gams that's part one right the bricks is
obviously the amino acids right simple
your amino acids the protein the reason
why you eat protein is because that's
the braks that you're going to use to
build your [ __ ] Castle all right and
the third thing the money is the ATP
right the energy you need the energy you
can't have the workers you can't that's
slavery [ __ ] you can't people
work without paying it right in the same
way your body is not going to do all
this [ __ ] work without some kind of
currency right and that comes from the
energy the ATP now when you put that all
together right when you apply that into
bodybuilding right once again trying to
keep it simple how does that work any
program you on I don't care if you on
5x5
3x1 uh German volume training nucleus
overload whatever routine you on
whatever diet you on as long as those
three things are in Balance long as you
have sufficient amount of those three
things you're going to put on muscle
right Progressive overload all these
things that we talk about it all goes
down to those three things so the growth
factors right because you need all three
there not oh one is more important than
the other yeah we could go into that but
right now just like all three are equal
right they're not some things are
actually way more important but let's
look at the growth factors right you go
to the gym you go to the gym you lift
weights assuming you NY right lift
weights heavy squats heavy bench dips
whatever you [ __ ] call it compound
movements things that break down the
body things that Spike cortisol
temporarily you know cuz it's the stress
response that really makes your body
grow that's why the longer you've been
training after a while your body's like
okay [ __ ] it I'm not growing anymore
because you're not getting that big
cortisol spike your body is not stressed
your body grows to adapt remember it
doesn't grow because you want to look
sexy for the summer or because you just
want to have big arms your body grows
because it feels like the survival is
threatened that's why you got to have
intense high volume hard workouts to get
that that shot right so that's where the
growth factors come in from lifting hard
right obviously training hard sleeping
all that stuff so boom check we got the
growth factors right um obviously if you
have some genetic advantages where your
my Statin is low that's another growth
factor even though it it kind of does
the reverse but it's also a growth
factor so so that's check just about
going to the gym and almost everyone is
doing this I assume everyone is doing
this right everyone is going to the gym
everyone is increasing the weight over
time doing obviously with reps you know
everyone is doing the multi the compound
movements you know all those things not
only it it temporarily spike your growth
hormones and I mean your your growth
factors but it also creates more endogen
receptors but I'm not going to go into
the details because this video is
supposed to be simple as [ __ ] so if you
go to the gym you have the growth
factors part now if you don't go to the
gym and you're on steroids you also have
the [ __ ] growth factors right that's
why people on St steroids just grow uh
look at the studies of the people who
don't train and just take steroids and
still put on muscle in fact there's a
study I made a video about where uh they
had a group of people uh train Natty had
a group of people that train and took
steroids and then a group of people who
just took steroids the group of people
who just took steroids put on more
muscle in the same amount of time than
the [ __ ] Natty [ __ ] so just
think about that people who are training
Natty didn't put on as much muscle as
the ones who just sat on has and took
huge amounts of steroids to show you the
importance of the growth factors
obviously the ones who took the steroids
and train put on the most muscle right
I'm going to try to find a video put in
the description but I made a video about
it you can find that study it's a very
popular study shows you the power of
testosterone the power you know of
steroids and growth factors uh same
thing with the people who have my
deficiencies you know that they just
grow without even going to the [ __ ]
gym so if you n0 going to the gym you're
going to get those growth factors right
that's one out of three two more things
missing right next the amino acids
almost everyone gets enough protein stop
thinking if you bulking you're trying to
put a muscle I guarantee you you're
getting enough protein all right I made
a lot of videos about that I studied
nitrogen retention for a very [ __ ]
long time and I realized oh my [ __ ]
goodness like your body is getting
enough protein if you eating a normal
diet you getting enough protein so amino
acids is not the issue people are
getting enough amino acids right and I
explain I talk about this in almost
every video now it was like the most
simple discovery that blew my mind if
you're putting on a pound of muscle
every single month which is amazing if
you could do that most of us not [ __ ]
doing it a pound of muscle is 454 G of
muscle divide that by 30 we're just
assuming you know hypothetically let's
say your body's putting on muscle
gradually throughout those 30 days right
454 grams of muscle that's a pound of
muscle a month right divide that by 30
what do you get you get about 15 gram so
if you're putting on a pound of muscle a
month you theoretically putting on 15
gram of muscle every day 15 G of muscle
muscle is 20 about 20% protein what is
that 3 G of [ __ ] protein 3 G you know
what three g of protein is this
is I'm looking for three something that
what weighs three GRS around here it's
really [ __ ] small right it's really
[ __ ] small um so if your body is
using mind you this is three additional
gr right so if your body is already
using the protein that it needs for your
body to renew your cells and all that
all it needs is to synthesize and keep
an additional three Gams of muscle every
single day to add up to a pound of
muscle at the end of month so everyone
is getting enough protein I'm I'm pretty
sure don't worry about that so you have
the the gy part everyone is doing it
check the protein part everyone is doing
it check everyone is getting enough
protein uh most people are the only
thing that's missing is the ATP and that
is the biggest problem with anyone
trying to put on size is [ __ ]
are not eating enough you're not getting
enough ATP you're not getting enough
energy because the bricks are there boom
that's the protein amino acids the the
workers are there the growth factors are
there right what's missing the money
you're not paying the
[ __ ] that reminds me of [ __ ] uh Chris
sucker but yeah the money's the money is
missing right the energy is missing
that's what a lot of guys don't
understand they're like oh I'm trying to
get big I'm lifting heavy I'm I'm eating
a lot of protein why am I not big you're
not getting enough energy you simply not
getting enough ATP so that is none out
of 10 every time I'm working with
somebody right cuz obviously I don't
have the time to keep doing it every
time I'm working with somebody online or
you know like hey you know people trying
to get baked sending me pictures and all
that and I look at the diet it's always
the same thing they're training hard
they're eating enough protein but
they're not getting enough ATP they're
not paying the [ __ ] workers you
don't pay your workers they're go strike
you got to understand how much energy
your body needs to put on muscle it's
very it's a very expensive process
number one you got to understand muscle
is costly right the more muscle your
body has the more fat you're burning the
more energy you know the faster your
your your metabolism is it's not as such
huge huge ass difference but it cost
energy so it cost energy to build muscle
and it cost energy to maintain muscle
and it cost energy to [ __ ] train at
the gym to get those muscles in the
first place your body is constantly in
need of ATP so you trying to put on
sides and that's why you got to make up
your mind people trying to get big and
lean at the same time that [ __ ] is hard
as hell unless you a beginner or you
have really good genetics decide you
either going to bug you're going to cut
you're going to do a clean bug it
doesn't matter but you got to eat enough
[ __ ] food I I'm beating a that horse
everyone knows this but for some reason
it it seems to elude everybody everyone
is looking for a fourth and fifth factor
it's just those three things your growth
factors uh your amino acids and then the
energy just just embed that into your
[ __ ] head the next time you see a
video I don't care if it's from me or
from anybody else or an article and they
try to make it complicated and fancy and
complex boil it down to those three
things right as of right now as you're
watching this video you could literally
tell if your body's putting on muscle or
not how how how simply ask yourself is
there enough growth factors in your
blood right get some blood work you know
your testost levels you know up to PO
just look at the difference between men
and women they could train just as hard
women could train just as hard could eat
a lot of calories can do all this stuff
Progressive Al Lo all the [ __ ] that we
talk about but why is it that it's so
much harder for them to put on size
because we have a huge difference
variance in our growth factors you know
precisely to St from but a bunch of
other stuff as well so ask yourself
right now do you have enough uh are your
growth factors good right most of the
Times They Are if you're sleeping well
eating well whatever going to the gym
yeah and then ask yourself did you get
enough protein yes most of the time
unless you're starving you're getting
enough protein the third thing which is
usually where everybody [ __ ] up at Asos
am I getting enough energy right enough
energy to train am I getting enough
energy to uh to uh build muscle maintain
muscle you know that's why when people
bug I keep telling you increase your
carbs increase your carbs because
carbs um a protein sparing right they
they they reduce protein breakdown right
they don't increase protein sentences
directly they just do it indirectly
because they reduce protein breakdown
because your body is like hey I have
enough energy what happens when you
don't have enough energy your body
everybody knows this your body starts
breaking down the muscle that you
already have and come that into energy
so it's counterproductive it's like the
workers back to the work example you're
not [ __ ] paying them and you tell
them oh build this build this what
happens they take the [ __ ] brakes and
start selling them shits to feed
themselves you know what I mean it's the
exact same um scenario right if you
don't pay the workers they will take the
bricks that you give them to build you
know the castle with and they will sell
that they will liquidate that [ __ ] and
make money so your body will take the
protein that you giv it break it apart
turn it into energy which goes against
the whole you know which goes against
your go so I hope this simplifies
everything right the next time you
confuse if you know this you don't need
somebody to give you a program I mean
once again unless you you really
competing or something like that or you
really have a a long way to go then yeah
I recommend that but for the average
person just understand those three
things that's all you need that's all
you need understand those three things
you know and and you know any program
you create I don't care if it's full
body workouts splits whatever try to
make sure the ratio is good right that's
why I grew so fast on full body workouts
even though I was doing splits for two
three years why because I got a huge
spike in my um growth factors when I was
doing footb workout huge Spike um
because you're doing all these compound
movements all on the same day you know
it's one thing to go to the gym and do
bench press and flies and come home it's
another thing to go and do squats ball
Bell rolls bench press you know uh
shoulder prast all in the same day you
know you get a completely different
cortisol and you know uh uh growth
factor Spike so anyway hope this clears
things out if you got any more questions
comment below message me but from now on
I'm going to refer everybody to this
video you know that simplifies muscle
building in a
nutshell
that
