here so this video is on how dopamin
increases the stone right um I already
made a read on damine it's probably the
most important I would say one of the
most important neurotransmitters in the
entire human body without damine you
would not you just if you go to a RQ or
any organism right and you either
destroy the dopamine receptors or you
stop the bodies from releasing dopamine
the rat will just literally sit there
and starve to death right it loses the
motivation to do everything it lose the
motivation to grab food to grab you know
to drink water it just sits there and
die you know that's s Point dopamine is
right it gives you the desire to pursue
life the desire to want to conquer the
desire to want to get off your ass and
go to the gym you know so when the
levels doina High it increases your
desire to seek pleasure or avoid pain
levels of doina low just want to sit on
your ass and do nothing right now how
does that relate with uh testosterone
now first of all before we go into this
effect on testosterone you got
understand how to increase dopamine
right again I explained that in the
previous video quick primer dopamine is
made from amino acid called tyrosine
right tyrosine is the amino acid that
converted into L Doopa and L Doopa is
converted into dopamine and then
eventually dopamine also becomes
adrenaline I people don't notice
adrenaline comes from dopamine so your
dopamine levels are low your adrenaline
levels are going to be low um which
means you know reduce the ability to
burn fat and um your FF response is
going to be a [ __ ] up right so anyway
so now that we understand how dopamine
Works let's see how it affects
testosterone remember testosterone
production begins in the brain the
hypothalamus right which is the master
you know
uh it's it's the master gland
responsible for you know you know almost
all theer hormones in the human body so
anyway it releases G releasing hormone
which goes to the petuary gland tells
them hey [ __ ] release release luin
hormone which goes to your testicles and
makes them release uh testosterone right
from your L cells using
cholesterol now where does damine come
in practin which is another hormone
prolactin goes to the hypothalamus and
actually lowers testosterone production
right prolactin is released when women
uh breastfeeding you know pactin is
released after you have an orgasm you
know after you beat your meat jack off
that's you be like oh I feel like [ __ ]
whatever and Pac then pretty much lowers
testosterone right through the
hypothalmus dopamine stops prolactin
dopamine because remember think about it
dopamine makes you want to go and
Conquer [ __ ] right prolactin makes you
want to just sit down and [ __ ] be a
breastfeeding [ __ ] right so
increasing your dopamine lowers
prolactin which allows your hypothalamus
to produce you know uh GnRH which leads
to tone so that is the major pathway
obviously there this you know the body
is very complex there other Pathways
where damun effects the S production but
it's mainly through that axis through
lowering prolactin right hope you helps
increase your damine not just for the
effects of damine right the fact that
you're going to be able to burn fat
faster when it becomes adrenaline the
effect uh the fact that it's going to
give you more motivation want to conquer
life but mainly because it's also going
to increase your testosterone levels
that's why High damine means High T all
right guys and do not forget to eat
enough protein dopamine is made from
tyosin IM that's it all I think I
covered
everything say hi T hi you guys see how
fast we grew in anyway guys hope this
video helps like the video If you f for
team 3D ah can't cuss anymore and I got
good at it I sto myself this what
talk and um comment your questions below
and stay tuned for the next video team
3D I'm
out
for
