hey guys going on Megan here one of the
most popular questions I get is what is
the best web branch it is a lot of
confusion about what's the best friend
you know and I brush I've covered this
in the past but again I'm gonna try to
do it in five minutes or less all right
so first what is the motor unit it's
very simple number one you have your
brain number two you have your brain
cell which is the neuron and I'm a three
years of muscle fiber again I'm leaving
out a lot of details because I'm trying
to make this simple for everyone to
understand at the beginner level right
so I'm gonna leave out a lot of details
your brain obviously sent signals
through your muscle fibers telling them
to contract right and that's what Lisa
muscle contraction so what is the motor
here the brain cell right the neuron and
all the different muscle fibers that it
attaches to what are the law are similar
units those are the ones that you use
for everyday tasks right low fours easy
tasks right that's also what I don't
grow like that's why you don't grow from
walking it's from walking every [ __ ]
day right because most of the time your
brain is only recruiting the load for a
short motor units right you don't your
brain does need to recruit you hide the
rationale motor units for you to walk
right so when you're doing a basic easy
task when you're picking up a pen
picking up a cup of coffee when you're
beating your meat all these low
threshold tasks your but your brain is
only gonna recruit the low threshold
more units right the ones that activate
you know the low pressure fibers and
that's why again that's why you don't
grow from working every day that's why
you don't grow from opening the
refrigerator every day right those are
made for basic low easy tasks right in
the Dragon Ball Z contacts that's just
Goku based form doesn't burn a lot of
energy doesn't burn a lot of stamina
right at the same time is I gonna get
too much work done and you have the high
threshold motor units right those are
the ones that sheep
recruit the high threshold fibers right
so for explosive tasks when you're
picking up heavy weights you're doing
something that's extremely hard you're
sprinting you're doing you're going for
your one rep max you know when you're
doing a hard [ __ ] all right
that's when your brain kicks in so see
it as like a salient Scouter your brain
uses the same scatter and it's looking
at the natascha about to perform right
and if the power level of that task is
low then it stays in base form okay so
I'm gonna recruit the low threshold
fibers but if your brain is like holy
[ __ ]
this test that I want to perform but it
says that I'm performing is very hard
that's when the brain goes super saiyan
K you can and starts recruiting those
high threshold you know fibers and again
those are the ones that are responsible
for most of your size gains remember
they only recruited when you're doing a
very hard task just like Goku only go
super saiyan when you ask okay now how
do you recruit the hypership what our
units low heavy reps right there's
obviously three waves right I'm gonna
leave out the form just three three
tabloids right low raps on heavy ass way
so if you lifting anything less than
your five right max right
heavier [ __ ] obviously your body can you
know your brain cannot complete that
task using a low threshold [ __ ]
right so it's gonna go super saiyan it's
gonna recruit those high thruster fibres
that's why you get back from lifting
heavy ass weights right second thing
high reps to failure right those last
few reps at your post failure guess what
your low threshold fibers are fatigue
they can't produce enough force so your
body kicks in go super saiyan it starts
recruiting the height threshold fibers
that's why and again god this is not
precise right this is the fact there are
ton a ton a ton of studies on this
that's why you can get big doing high
reps high rep push-ups I read pull-ups
people doing calisthenics
that's I'm gonna finish the work right
that's why it gives you just as much
size as lifting heavy because the first
few reps of you don't [ __ ] matter
right if you go do 20 push-ups the first
5 to 10 push-ups you're not growing from
that that is a lot of studies on this as
well but as you get close to failure as
those reps get [ __ ] odd that's when
you go you know your brain goes super
saiyan alright and the last thing is
when you don't want reps whenever the
muscles fatigue
whenever the muscle is fatigued not when
you're holding over system is fatigue
because if you under recover like your
bodies are gonna go super saiyan if you
under recovered right in fact that's why
if you under recovered you didn't sleep
well you didn't eat well you might as
well just stay home because your body's
not gonna recruit the high threshold
fibers anyway yeah so wraps one fatigues
when you're doing reps in the fatigue
state meaning the muscles be fatigued so
that's why I drop sets work just as much
and in many cases more than normal
straight sets because after the first
initial set in grab sets your muscle
fatigue so the following drop said after
that so when you drop in that way by 20%
or whatever your brain has to recruit
high threshold fibers to get the job
done because the low threshold once got
annihilated by the first set all right
that's also why katsu blood flow
restriction training works so well even
though those guys are lifting 20% of
their 1 rep max which is extremely low
way but studies after studies on trained
and untrained people have shown that
blood flow restriction training even
though you're using [ __ ] weights gives
you just as much gains and in some
studies even more gains and somebody
lifting heavy ass weights right why
because when the muscles fatigue on the
blood flow restriction it's what your
body goes straight into super same mode
it starts with cutting those high
threshold fibers so those are the 3 ways
to maximize the high threshold you know
for fibers either you live heavy ass
weights you know powerlifting taught you
know style training whatever way to
stretch all these things or high reps to
failure get all the statics high-rent
push-ups whatever rope press the house
doesn't matter or reps in the fatigue
state so drop sets rest pause blood flow
restriction all I said pretty much hard
slow reps grinder reps that's why we
Kreutz the high threshold motor units
and remember these are the only ones
that significantly grow after training
right so the question what is the best
part branch it doesn't matter what the
best part Brenda that's why I keep
telling you guys in the comment section
well that you don't want heavy weights
high rep does matter as long as the reps
are hard close to failure you know you
don't have to go to complete failure but
close to failure
you're gonna recruit us a threshold
fiber so that is the answer to what is
the best preparation that's why I always
recommend if I have to pick one I picked
the 68 right branch walk cuz it's the
best of both worlds it's heavy enough
that I'm recruiting high threshold you
know motor unit from the beginning and
it's also not so low then I'm gonna snap
my [ __ ] up or I'll have to wait 5
minutes between sets to recover right
hope this answers a question I'm hoping
I was only 5 minutes comment below don't
forget to thumb up the video and hate me
for coaching I'm out
