going on Megan here I just found this
 tool and it's amazing anyway uh
decided to make a video it's been a
while I'm looking through the messages
remember guys even when I'm not
uploading I'm still reading emails and
I'm replying to subscribers left and
right so you know just keep the messages
coming this one I just felt like I had
to make um look at this thing right here
it's something that I did on my uh
draw.io it's a website you could go and
create your own
flowcharts and I'm trying to make this
video short matter of fact let me hit
this the timer I'm going to go
back to the timer guys a lot of the OG
subscribers know what I'm talking about
in my videos back in 2012 I used to have
a timer cuz I talk too much and
my ADD makes me go off tangent as I'm
doing now so this five minute timer that
I'm going to start right now is going to
keep me in track all right let's get it
yeah so one of the messages that I got
in fact a lot of the messages that I get
is on not just motivation but Focus you
know staying grounded you know um not
you know not getting distracted in life
you know getting to your goal everybody
knows how to set goals I mean just look
at January 1 everybody knows how to set
goals but by February and March everyone
 stops why people don't
understand the way the brain works right
the brain just the human body just wants
to have fun guys people just by Nature
we just want to chill we want to relax
you know we wanna we just want to have
fun it's very hard to try to like set a
goal and you know actually stick to it
you know consistency is the biggest
thing whether we talking about
bodybuilding fat loss going to school uh
picking up a new habit the hardest part
is consistency everyone can start right
it's keeping that momentum going that's
that's really tough so knowing that you
know one of my philosophies is don't go
against the grain you know if you know
that your body is geared to do some
 up naturally find ways to
counter that find ways to to to counter
that but don't go against the way
meaning make it easy right the easier it
is the more you stick to it so this is
something that I came up with using a
lot of the things that I that I
researched on when I was studying
procrastination and you know how to stay
focused and all that stuff back in 2013
I discovered the Eisenhower Matrix and I
decided to use that to make my decisions
you know I love studying strategy
decision making things like that you
know um it helps me stay grounded things
that I can apply to everyday life and I
discovered the eyes and ey Matrix and
that helped me make my daily routine
even more optimal right and I use some
of the principles from the eyes and high
Matrix all all all it's about quick
summary on eyes and high Matrix is when
you have a lot of to do kind of
like me you have a busy ass life you
know uh how do you prioritize you know
on the Fly how do you prioritize how do
you you know focus on the decisions that
going going to give you the best outcome
based on your goal and all that like
other and if you don't have a
framework for making those decisions
you're going to get distracted I
guarantee you you're going to say Hey
Monday I'm going to start this Tuesday
your friends going to come over and ask
you to do something you're going to say
yes next thing you know you at the bar
you at you somewhere else and then you
just up your entire plan and then
you start over in the next week and then
the cycle continues you need to have a
way to automate your decision making
right and this is what I use so simple I
went to draw that IO I use it for all my
flowcharts and I keep that in my one
note before you apply this you need to
have a goal and I put goal in big
letters I'm not referring to oh I need
to lose a pound a week I need to do this
I need to get my degree no I'm referring
to your life's goal you know the reason
why you you get up every morning right
the your ultimate goal right if you're a
basketball player obviously you know I
guess you're trying to make it to the
NBA if you're a musician I don't know
release an album whatever it is whatever
the your area of expert is whatever
your goal whatever goal you have related
to that area that's what I'm referring
to I'm not referring to any little
normal goal I'm referring to the Big
Goal the biggest goal um that you have
in life you know you know whatever
something you want to be remembered for
something you want to achieve before you
de that's what I'm ref front if you
don't have that go back and watch my
video called uh uh top 10 I think it's
like how to regain your motivation and
fire in 10 steps some like that
just go look it up it should be one of
my recent uploads and you should have a
goal before you even watch this
video all right so number one the first
thing you have to ask yourself before
you make any decision right don't use
system one to make your decisions use
system two this is system two right here
um first thing you want to ask yourself
is does this bring you closer to your
goal right this is very simple this is
not any right sence it's a very
simple way to make the best
decisions if it brings you closer to
your goal right yes here you go on to
the next step is it urgent right is it
urgent meaning is it do you know is it
something that you have to to do today
or tomorrow is it something that is
urgent right it is uh constrained by
time right because something can be
important but not urgent I might have to
take a today but it might not be
urgent you know I could probably wait an
hour or two you know I'm a constipated
 most of the times so an
example of a goal that's important and
our urgent is uh I don't know let's say
you want to make a decisions a decision
uh let me let me let me think of
something
uh let's say a a friend of mine comes
over and goes hey Megan um no perfect
example with July 28th I gotta pay R in
a few days right does paying R bring me
closer to my goal of course if I don't
pay r i get kicked out right yes
is it urgent now is it urgent on July
28th no it's not you know it'll be
urgent on August 1 so I would go to no
and then if it's not urgent but it's
important you schedule it so I go to my
calendar and I decide oh my God the
 timer is over already let's do
five minutes again shut the up D
all right sorry guys I had to mute it so
if it's important and not urgent then I
go down the the link and I just schedule
it right I go to my calendar and I put
hey reminder you got to you got to pay
rent on August 1 right if it's urgent
then I go here yes I just do it now do
it now it's that simple whatever
decision you have to make I'm using
stupid examples whatever decision you
have to make use the step process it's
really going to help you guys do not
waste your life making dumbass decisions
I always say you are not the sum of all
the events that happen in life you're
the sum of the decisions that you make
when those things happen right everyone
wants to blame something for wherever
they are in life I wasted guys I wasted
so much of my life when I was when I was
young I wasted so much dropped out of
college of 16 and just started going
from state to state doing whatever the
 I want it sleeping left and right
you know just trying to experience life
you know because I grew up very you know
with a very restricted childhood so once
I got my freedom boom you know I mean at
17 yeah at 17 I just started going crazy
and I made a lot of stupid decisions yes
I learned a lot but I made a lot of
 stupid decisions and now that I
have a kid I'm trying to play catchup
you know you know what I mean that's why
I'm so busy now because I'm trying to
finish school I'm trying to do this I'm
trying to get my financial life in order
you know you don't want to get to that
stage guys don't be 27 years old
regretting
that you use your 18 19 20s just
around and doing nothing because sooner
or later it will catch up to you right
so first thing I'm me try this one more
time does this bring you closer to your
goal yes is it urgent no schedule it so
try it again does it bring you closer to
your goal you know yes is it urgent yes
do it now it's that simple right on the
right side does this bring you closer to
your goal let's say you have a you know
a decision you want to make and you
actually have does this bring me closer
to my goal my My overall goal in life no
then you go down is it urgent no don't
 do it it's that simple guys it's
that simple so let's say your goal is to
be uh this is this is you know part
partly a fitness channel so let's say
your go is to be like I don't know a
 bodybuild or some or a
fitness competitor your friends come
over here and they say hey man uh let's
go hiking or some right
does hik bring you closer to your goal
right out of all the decisions you have
you can make right now does hiking bring
you closer to your goal if it's a no
then that's yourself is it urgent do I
have to really hike right now is your
body telling you oh my God I
need to hike
today no it's not urgent don't do it
it's that simple tell your friends hey
we'll hang out some other time right
when this decision framework thing tells
me to do so another example they come
through and they say uh
hey uh what's up man you go hey what up
what up guys and they're like hey let's
uh let's I don't know let's plan for a
road trip next summer or some does
that bring you closer to your goal no
doesn't so now you ask yourself is it
urgent no don't do it it's that simple
right an example where uh you might want
to do some things is where somebody
comes through and say hey can you um can
you give me a ride right can you give me
a ride to the mall one of your friend
ask you can you know give me a ride to
the mall I need to pick up a few things
does that bring you closer to your goal
no is it urgent yes it's urgent I mean
you know he's a friend of yours you know
he needs to buy something you got to
make exceptions for friends and family
sometimes right so is it urgent yes now
you go down and you tell
yourself either I do it now or I
delegate it to somebody else right in
which case you just say hey well you
know what I'll give my keys to so and so
and he or he and she can give you a ride
you know if you don't have anybody to
delegate it to then you do it you know
but it's a very simple framework that I
use for almost every decision that I
make you know every decision that I make
obviously I internalize this I memorize
this and I just use it without having to
pull up you know the chart but in the
beginning take a picture of that put in
your smartphone you know and just use it
every time you have to make a decision
ask yourself does this bring me closer
to my goal if it's a yes follow the left
route if it's a no then follow this
route and you see do this for seven days
do this for two weeks a month and you'll
notice that the quality of the decisions
that you make are getting better and
better and better and as your decision
making becomes better your life quickly
follows all right guys um hope this
helps I'm really going to use this
feature to record a lot more videos
because I know this it's a lot quicker I
don't have to go in the car and pull out
the camera and talk and then put in a
computer and then you know do all that
other so uh I know I'm getting a
lot of heat for not making videos every
week so I'm trying to work with you guys
because I promise I won't let youall
down so I want to try to make a lot of
these screen recording videos when I'm
short on time right now I'm actually day
trading guys but I have a I had a 30-
minute break so I figured i' just make a
quick video for y'all while I answer
messages all right hope this helps team
through the alpha don't forget to
comment like share subscribe all that
stuff and also don't forget to vote
right go in the description go to the
links that I have below and vote that's
how I decide which videos to prioritize
click on the segments you want to see
vote within each segment click the
topics you want to see vote it's that
simple right all
right I'm
out segments so go in the comment
section and just vote vote on what you
think is your most requested uh topic
and then obviously the one that has the
most likes are the ones are going to
prioritize in case let's
