hey guys going on Megan here one of the
number one causes of your low
testosterone or your inability to
maximize testosterone is you don't have
the proper macronutrient balance between
protein carbs fats and obviously fiber
some are eating too much protein too
little protein too much carbs a little
carbs not enough fats too much fat
because there's too much confusion in
the fitness industry about what
maximizes testosterone as far as
micronutrients go so every time I look
at the blood work of clients so people
that are complaining of low testosterone
first thing I ask them is to see their
diets always and not only the deficient
in micronutrients but I also have a
completely off balance macronutrient
ratio so in this video I'm going to
explain to you guys the importance of
each micronutrient really quickly and
I'm going to give you guys the correct
answer to this poll first let's read the
comments see what everybody else is
saying and then I'll give you the
correct answer and explain the mechanism
of action as always and trust me guys
once you fix your macronutrient
imbalances you would feel the increase
in testosterone not only you see it in
your blood work but obviously you'll see
it on your hand grip strength which is
obviously the number one best predictor
of Androgen status intestinal levels all
right so let's look at the top comments
uh let's see if it guys enough with the
soy and tofu jokes they're getting old
um so let's see damn bro you got the
most educated and Jack subscribers it
makes me proud let's go uh meanwhile
some smeagle dogs
meanwhile some smuggle doctors telling
everyone to eat so for much of
cholesterol
um Hi Megan guys doctors have anywhere I
I have so many ranks on doctors that you
know let me just stop I mean I mean five
minutes I was a little small boy oh [ __ ]
you remember dick Towers jacked Uncle
crazy line wow wow that's that's crazy
you definitely OG Subs
I'm going to be somewhat of a man this
was only possible due to my low fat
high-fiber diet seeing as when I added
at least four eggs every day my tea
levels improved and helping my healthy
yeah yeah uh let's see honestly all you
really need is
chicken broccoli and rice that's how
they did in the 90s baby that's a good
joke
um let's see me get my apologies if you
cover this in early videos but a lot of
studies saying those who eat red meat
like beef and Luis testosterone and
those I got someone to make videos about
all this right A lot of these studies uh
complete trash right their coalitional
studies I made a Reddit post about it so
go read it but yeah I will make videos
explaining all the studies that show
negative outcomes versus positive
outcomes it's just it's a matter of
confirmation box right the ones who want
to prove that saturated fat or
cholesterol is bad for you hyper focus
on the studies that show
um bad outcomes from meat and obviously
the ones that have an agenda to to
promote that are going to keep uh you
know going down a rabbit hole but if you
look at it once again the totality of
the evidence uh it red meat is amazing
for you eggs are amazing for you
saturated fat and cholesterol yes
believe it or not are good for you the
the only issue is the reason why so many
studies show that saturated fat intake
and cholesterol uh you know High dietary
cholesterol leads to heart disease and
and atherosclerosis is because most
people that eat a lot of meats a lot of
saturated fats a lot of cholesterol
don't eat enough fruits and veggies and
antioxidants
right they also have higher body fat on
average they exercise less they eat a
lot of processed foods so of course if
you just look at the correlation
they're going to be associated with a
lot of negative Health outcomes but if
you focus on people if you look at
studies right I look at people that eat
healthy they eat balanced nutrient diet
right their fruits their veggies their
exercise
um and then they eat saturated fats and
then they eat eggs and cholesterol they
are fine guys again I'm gonna make a
whole video about that if you want it
the funny thing is the studies are out
there it's just
Eagle kickstand right all the experts
who are bashing cholesterol and dietary
fat
all these years are too embarrassed to
go back and say oh [ __ ] we were wrong
you know and that's the issue with the
fitness industry with the medical
industry it's expertise it's just egos
get in the way of the truth they'll
rather have you guys die from outdated
information than put their ego aside and
say oops sorry we were wrong I mean
think might imagine if you sold books or
if you make a living and for the last 10
20 years you've been preaching that fat
is bad and eggs are bad and red meat is
bad and now the bulk of the studies come
out showing that you were wrong you
think those people are going to go back
on that word and say oh look I was wrong
uh sorry I just made 10 million dollars
from selling books and giving us shitty
information for 20 years I give you your
refund oh uh oh sorry your Grandpa died
because of my shitty advice your grandma
died 10 years ago because of my shitty
advice do you think all these doctors
and these experts are going to go back
and say oh we're wrong after they've
caused the deaths of so many people you
know you know how many people got
diabetes and and heart disease
ironically dementia I mean so many
issues because they took out eggs from
their diet they took out meats and now
they became deficient in carnitine
iodine CoQ10 ala I mean I could go on
and on you know but uh but anyway so
let's see all them are important for
tests except
everyone's already know about how
important fat sauce Vance girl knows a
huge support of eating egg yolks for
high tea levels I would say both protein
and fat assuming the protein source is
high in zinc and cholesterol being
trying really hard to get uh
guys enough with the sword jokes
carbohydrates can potentially help
cops could potentially help to uh what
can potentially helping
um to down the levels
none of these forced alcohol make you
big as [ __ ] yummy can you post the
answer to the quiz as well I mean I go
over the answers in the video so uh
fiber obviously fiber is essential okay
that's too long oh that's way too long
um we can only eat uh
good Fashions with mono saturated fats
um monosaturated you mean mono
unsaturated
um how much meat is too much in a week a
day watch my video on red meat and
testosterone no fat no testosterone
remember cutting off right out of my
diet once when cutting and I literally
became asexual I felt kind of good
enough being ruled by liberal but ones
I'm gonna make I'm gonna make a comment
on this soon I don't care I saw and
watch Tick Tock all day I hope he's part
of us now eggs I mean I didn't give the
correct answer yet you know we'll see
eggs eggs and again eggs fiber
um let's see Baku we find it away on
like some Eagles shout out to them
how it says to be carbs wait shout out
to them small [ __ ] buying program to
learn for the cooling fan for free yeah
I mean I tell everybody all the time you
know ready in the Discord you know the
book is just to support the channel you
know in fact my subscribers recommending
me to come out with a book you know all
my permission is free so you know the
book is literally a summary of all my
free info so if you can't afford the
book or you don't want to support the
channel get the free information for my
videos The Articles the Reddit whatever
uh you guys know I believe in free
education all right it has to be caused
because uh trade questions
answered that so many times
um maybe you're doing fine with the
laugh at them clueless [ __ ] some of
these dudes and I finish into the videos
you should look at your house
um duck eggs
oh God I'm Michael Huron man uh healthy
fats uh
protein levels of a 9 000 vitamin s
um fat fat equals testosterone all right
so let's see uh bacon is good for me
boom egg yolks all day cholesterol sugar
all of them soy
all right so let me give you guys the
correct answer so let's see 17 voted
protein five percent voted carbs 76
percent of the fats two percent of the
fiber the correct answer drum roll is C
it is fats and that's why I put assuming
you're already eating enough protein to
stay alive because obviously you know
protein is the most important
macronutrient overall just for life in
general if you need a protein just die
you know it's that simple you know your
genes cannot your body cannot transcribe
and translate genes without amino acids
so protein nut is that the foundation of
everything we know that but as long as
you're getting enough protein to be
alive right the most important
macronutrient for testosterone
production is by far fats again
obviously saturate and that includes
saturated fats monounsaturated fats and
the tiny amount of polyunsaturated fats
right again inverter you go for
everything right you don't want too much
saturated fat or you're going to have
less room for mono and saturated fats
you don't want too much mono unsaturated
fats or you're not going to have enough
room for obviously have sugar fats and
of course polyun saturated fats you want
a very very small amount of that right
if you eat too much they inverted you
curve for poofas right polyunsaturated
fats it's so narrow right you do not
want too much of those in fact that's
one of the cause of lotus that's one is
we eat too many polymer cells really
fast right too many seed oils vegetables
and you know I can make a real
explaining what I destroys testosterone
you know I suppose lip peroxidation and
you know oxidative stress inflammation
blah blah blah but long story short
dietary fat as long as you're eating
enough protein is the single most
important
macronutrient for testosterone
production your body cannot make
testosterone with our cholesterol guys
and there are many many reasons for that
right your body needs fats to absorb
micronutrients especially the fat
soluble vitamin you know vitamin A
vitamin D vitamin E vitamin K all of
which play a massive role intestinal
production so the moment you lower your
fats first of all your vitamin
absorption goes to [ __ ] number two your
body needs fats to make bile right
because your body makes a bathroom
cholesterol without bowel now digestion
suffers right it's kind of like a
circular situation because without your
body cannot digest fats and would have
enough fats your body cannot make enough
bile number three what I'm fat
especially mono and saturated fats your
body is going to be inflamed like a
mother after all right your body needs
monosaturated fats to lower inflammation
number four your body needs fast for the
cell membrane of many cells including
cholesterol by the way right so your
body needs fats just for structural
reasons and number five as you guys
already know your body needs cholesterol
to make all of your sex hormones right
now just testosterone but DHEA
pregnenolone progesterone and obviously
testosterone estrogen which is made from
testosterone DHT blah blah right even
cortisol right which obviously you need
you know we always bash cortisol but you
also need it to survive your body needs
cholesterol for
all of those crucial hormones same thing
with calcitriol right vitamin D your
body cannot make vitamin D from sunlight
of course right without uh cholesterol
that's why whenever people go on a
low-fat diet one of the first things
that you see within weeks is the
testosterone goes down and sure enough
if they have a hand grip chest or
dynamometer they'll see the hand grip
goes to [ __ ] so long story short the
most important macronutrient for
testosterone production is fat alright
guys don't forget to like or share the
video subscribe and hit the bell and buy
my HSB nucleus of a little training
program it's the ultimate program for
maximum muscle growth it includes full
body workouts plus bro splits push-pull
home workouts you name it also comes
with a complete guide for macros
nutrition fat loss muscle growth
hormones including a meal plan it's
pretty much all my 16 years of
experience condensed into one [ __ ]
book you're also going to get free
copies of any future Edition so visit
team3dalpha.com and you can use the 40
off coupon code nucleus overload or you
could just buy the share full price all
right guys I'm out of here
