hey guys what's up Megan here just
deadlifting
uh I like to one thing about me is I
like handicaps so I like deadlifting at
the end of my workout or when I'm the
most tired almost every time you see me
deadlifting or breaking a a PR hitting a
new Max or whatever I'm always doing at
the end of my work guys for the simple
fact that I have simply have more
courage more adrenaline and more rage
when I'm at a disadvantage uh I'm one of
those guys that you know if everything
is going well for me I kind of panic I'm
not used to that [ __ ] I'm used to [ __ ]
being [ __ ] up all around me so I kind
of like uh I have the psychological
barrier where I can't do good unless I'm
you know I have a handicap uh cuz I
don't believe in excuses when I have a
handicap I'll try my best to dominate in
spite of the excuse or whatever just
this way it's never even a factor so um
anyway this day at the end of our full
body workout so I was exhausted I
figured hey let me dead if you watch my
video on how to increase your deadlift I
always tell you guys that my personal
opinion is you want to get good at at
the deadlift for any move in particular
simply do it more often don't have to do
it every single day don't have to do
heavy super heavy every day for CNS uh
Mercy but I I just believe that you got
to do at more than once a week more you
know once a week is just not enough for
me especially for a dangerous exercise
like the deadlift where you want to have
perfect form all the time and no one
really achieves perfect form in a
deadlift cuz you always increase the
weight and your form suffers when you
increase the weight but that's the goal
you know the more you deadlift the more
your body adapts to the to the exercise
and the more it becomes automatic you
know that's uh I got good at deadlifting
and um in spot of my lower back injury
uh I simply decid to do it more my body
My Philosophy is once your body adapts
to something it becomes easier to
increase the weight and and keep us form
and the only way to adapt is by
repetition repetition repetition once a
week uhuh you're not giving your body
enough uh
enough enough time to ad that but anyway
so Random deadlifts
uh another thing is I don't I don't I'm
not really good at keeping with programs
I didn't make myself so I'm not really
big on the whole Jim wler all these
programs thing even though they're great
don't get me wrong they're excellent
it's just I'm not good at keeping with
something I didn't come up with I just
don't like the idea of I don't know just
something about me I hate taking allers
for some reason if to me it feels like
I'm following ERS so but every once
every now and then I told you guys you
know these programs are good every now
and then if I'm bored or I just want to
you know deadlift away like today I pull
out my iPhone iPad whatever and I just
plug in my numbers in like a 531 or 555
whatever thing and do whatever it gives
me you know just to see if my strength
can you know is where it needs to be and
things like that but most of the time I
I usually just deadlift you know I just
go by my instincts I'm big on following
your instincts this just happened to be
a day where I decided to just put the
numbers in the in the software see what
I could do and um yeah could have done
more weight but obviously like I said
I'm just deadlifting you know I'm
recovering from breaking Maxes I'm not
trying to do too much all right guys so
hope this video helps remember I love
the deadlift and you should love it too
peace
