[Music]
hey guys what's up quick video I want to
give you guys a tip something that I use
a lot when I uh you know I preach a lot
about controlling your emotions and
because you're you know you're like a
horse you know how you control a horse
by using the the Rope the rain whatever
you call it um the same way as human
beings we control by our emotions I
mentioned that so many times your mood
decides how the rest of your day is
going to go by your mood also decides
how you're going to handle situation if
you're in a shitty mood and a uh an
obstacle present yourself it's almost
going to crush you but if you're in a
great mood and you run into a difficult
situation you might handle it a
different way and that sets a domino
effect that affects the rest of your
life believe it or not so it's very
important to always be in a in a great
mood you know in a in a conquering mood
you know in good
spirits so one method that I use is on
my laptop very simple it's not genius
but it works so I'm just giving you guys
you know hint uh I have a Microsoft Word
document where I type all the things
that excite me the things that when I do
them I feel pleasure I feel good for
example um basketball like let me read
to you guys a list some the stuff I like
to do the reason for that is um you want
to even though everyone knows what
excites them and what makes them happy
we don't write it down so it's just in
the back of our head somewhere and we
wake up one day and we just going with
the flow and because we're not doing the
things that excite us sooner or later
depression comes in or sadness comes in
or we get interrupted by whatever is
happening around us but when you know
your objectives when you know the things
that excite you and make you happy and
you have them on paper on Microsoft
world or wherever you can literally get
up and be like you know what today I'm
not going to feel like [ __ ] uh at 3:00 I
have a an opening on my on my daily
planner and I'm recommending you to
actually have one so I'm going to do I'm
going to look at my list of the things
that I like to do the things that make
me happy and I'm going to do this at
3:00 I'm going to do this at 6 o' I'm
going to do this at 7 every day you
should schedule pleasure you should plan
excitement it shouldn't happen by by
chance or by accident CU if you let
excitement happen by accident then
failure and and um and sadness can also
happen by accident you know because you
just open to whatever happens but when
you're in control of your life and you
plan those things you feel in control
and you disciplined you guided so for
example I have a list of the stuff that
excites me You' be surprised when you
actually start typing the stuff that
excites you you know yeah I haven't done
that in a long time oh I haven't done
that in a long time for example
basketball I feel great when I play
basketball and I notice you know a lot
of times when you feel depressed or
bored or whatever it's because you
haven't done the things that excite you
in a long time one day I felt like [ __ ]
and I was like wait a minute I looked at
my list I was like wow I haven't played
basketball in so long went looked at my
schedule I saw that I was free at like I
think five or something called my
friends went to play basketball you know
we played 21 and I lost the first game
and won the second game so that made me
happy whether I lost or won it it
doesn't matter just the fact that I got
to play something that I love to do made
me happy and I was like wow it's so easy
to change your mood just by doing the
things that excite you right we waiting
for some miracle to happen when the
answer is right there on a piece of
paper so here I have basketball swimming
when I go to the gym I feel great when I
watch Epic videos on YouTube I feel
great I'm a nerd uh one day I saw like I
was on YouTube and I saw like a l the
ring scene you you guys know that's one
of my favorite movies it was the scene
when um there were the battle of pel I
think they were charging at like uh it's
in it's in the third movie Rohan came
with King the in and they were charging
at like the enime and then you know all
the hes it just looked wonderful it
looked epic and you had this guy on the
hor that was like you know charging
super fast just watching that one scene
just put me in a great mood I was like
wow man that's you know those guys are
balls so simple things like that change
your excitement you know change your
mood so watching epic videos creating a
goal excites every time I create a goal
on my calendar I get excited before I
even completed it
when I track my progress I get excited
when I get on a scale and see progress I
get excited so I write all these things
down every time I um I mail something to
a friend I get excited just when I write
a letter and like hey hey you suck ass
and I just mail it to my friends to be
honest I do stupid things like that me
and my friends we have like a a crazy
relationship where we just do stupid
things because we know life is short
have fun you know little things like
that excite me so I just on on the daily
basis I get up and I look at my list of
the things that excite me and I try to
plan and schedule one of those events
during my day
and I do this every single day to make
sure that throughout the day I'm not
guaranteed to um to avoid sadness you
never know what's going to happen but
I'm guaranteed to feel pleasure and
excitement I'm in control of that so you
should be also try this out guys I call
it the team 3D
Alpha pleasure list all right guys hope
that helps uh if not I'll try team
3D King me
