hey guys what's going on megan here your
ancestor in fact several of your
ancestors were alpha males case close
and i'm gonna prove to you
and show you exactly why that is i'm
also going to explain to you
how that relates to you today in this
day and age
in fact this is the post that prompted
this video i made that two months ago
and it sparked some controversy in the
comments
so pause the video read it real fast so
i don't have to explain the whole story
again by the way this is another episode
of sex talk saturday where we talk about
everything related to masculinity and
sex and things like that
so back to the topic of the video first
let's get one thing straight guys what
is an alpha male because society has
made this word so toxic and
misrepresented has worked so much
to the point where now even saying the
word alpha is seen as a bad thing right
all the social justice warriors all the
[ __ ]
antimatters
all the lame [ __ ] have
corrupted the meaning of what it is to
be an alpha guys an alpha male is simply
the most valuable person in the tribe
that's all it is the most valuable
person in the group in terms of helping
the tribe leading the tribe providing
for the tribe obviously there's there's
levels to the [ __ ] it's not like there's
just one guy doing it there's a bunch of
guys doing it but in every society that
animals and humans have organized
themselves in you're always going to see
a handful of guys at the top the alpha
males
and they're there for a reason they're
there because they provide
leadership protection and food to the
group doesn't matter if it's an animal
it doesn't matter if it's humans if you
study every human society that's ever
existed and if you study every social
animal that has a hierarchy you'll
notice that the alpha males have three
things in common number one
to help the tribe or the group or
whatever find food right so they protect
the group from starvation number two
they protect the group
from predators
and number three they protect the group
from rival males because obviously you
guys know
in human and every other species where
there's competition for mates a lot of
times when the rival males take over
they kill the kids so that they can
reproduce with the females so in every
single group there's an alpha male
you'll notice this pattern protects the
group from starvation protects the group
from predators and protects the group
from rival males which is why in the
societies the alpha males of value right
they're not bullies alpha males are not
supposed to be bullies they're not
supposed to be oh look i'm better than
everybody you know it's not a [ __ ]
alpha male an alpha is simply a leader
someone who's valuable and someone who
provides those two things obviously
today
is relative right for example when i
when something is wrong in the apartment
the maintenance man comes in he's the
[ __ ] alpha i shut the [ __ ] up and i
listen to everything he has to say if
i'm going to the doctor the doctor's the
alpha male i shut the [ __ ] up and i
listen to everything he has to say when
i'm in school the alpha male is the
professor right today nothing has
changed the person in the group or in
the room who's the most valuable who has
the information able to solve the
problem is the alpha male so when i tell
men to strive to become leaders to
strive to become alpha males which is
literally what team three alpha's all
about it's all about maximizing your
productivity maximizing your skill
knowing your strengths increasing your
value so that wherever you go you
provide value especially if it's your
niche right it doesn't have to be a guy
it could be a female it could be an
alpha female right back to the doctor
example sometimes it's a lady when she
walks in i shut up i sit down and i
listen everything she has to say right
so striving to become an alpha male
striving to become a half a female
striving to become the most valuable
person in your niche in your group or
whatever is a good thing it's something
that everyone should aspire to be but
because of this sensitive ass society we
live in people were getting offended
that some of the ancestors were alpha
males think about how far we've fallen
that it's a bad thing to know that you
have a great great great great great
whatever grandfather that was a complete
beast that was the most valuable person
in his niche now how do we know that one
or several of your ancestors were alpha
males obviously even the science agrees
with this you guys know there was a huge
bottleneck throughout history where only
very few men were able to pass on their
genes right
very few men were able to contribute to
overall human diversity as far as why
dna goes
and you can see the dip here at one
point it was so bad that the ratio was
17 to one think about it that means for
every 17 women ever produced only one
one man was passing on the genes for
every 70 women which is insane
right and different parts of the world
in different regions the ratio change
you went as low as two to one sometimes
three to one four to one but almost in
every society you look at there are
periods of time where
most men die childless relative to women
so even though we all have a father and
a mother and in our ancestry and [ __ ]
overall as a race
right as the human race more females
were able to donate their dna to the
human race compared to men and the
reason is simple guys
who were these few men who were these
few men who were able to clap chicks
while everybody else couldn't who were
these few men who were able to pass on
their dreams whatever i couldn't very
simple in every major society that
humans have lived in from hunters and
gatherers agricultures pastoralists
there were only three ways you could
pass on your genes right so doesn't
matter where your ancestors came from
doesn't matter if in africa asia america
it doesn't matter your ancestors lived
in one of those three societies and in
those societies there was only three
ways to pass on your genes number one
you have societies where the female
chooses right where you know women had
full rights and ability to just choose
whether their mates were you had
societies where the father chose or the
family if the father's dad and it's the
cousins or the brothers or the mom
whatever right so your society is what
the the father chooses who is going to
marry his daughter too so arranged
marriages and obviously unfortunately
you have societies where the man just
took the women by force right so these
were the three main ways men were able
to pass on their genes throughout
history for hundreds of thousands of
years either the female chose the guy
the father of the woman chose the guy
other guy to do in my force and sure
enough in all of those societies only
the man at the top of the hierarchy
right doesn't have to be number one
could be number one number two number
three whatever only the men at the top
of the hierarchy were the ones passing
on the gene so when the women were
choosing they picked the guys at the top
and i'm gonna explain why in a minute
when the fathers were choosing again
most of the time they were marrying
their women to a competent man who the
[ __ ] wants to marry his daughter to some
lame ass dude who's going to be able to
protect her protect it from predators
and and other men and the things that i
mentioned earlier and and even in the
societies where the men stole the women
by false guess what they had to take
those women from other men right so they
had to be competent they had to be
strong right or they had to be great
warriors so no matter
how you look at it the only reason your
bum ass is here today is because a bunch
of men in your industry who are valuable
enough competent enough or strong enough
to reach the top of the hierarchy and
pass on their genes a perfect example of
this is here right so imagine a village
where you have two groups of men at the
top right this imagines only 10 men in
the village right
at the top you have five alpha males
they're very valuable good warriors
depending on the society you know it's
not every society uh wants a warrior but
let's say society or farmers or whatever
it doesn't matter right imagine you have
the top guys at the top five guys at the
top who are really good at what they do
alpha male sigma males
leaders warrior you name it right and
the other five men in the village are a
bunch of jerry's had to pick jerry
because if you guys watch rick and morty
he's like the [ __ ]
epitome of weakness right so imagine a
village of ten men five warriors
and five weaklings right so total of ten
now let's imagine there's also ten women
in that same village so the ratio is
perfect right one to one ten men
ten women
who the [ __ ] do you think is gonna pass
on their genes let's pretend we're in
society one right what the women choose
who do you think the women are gonna
choose obviously there's some outliers
it's probably a woman who's into you
know jerry [ __ ] right but 90 of
the time
overwhelmingly the women are gonna
choose the guys at the top right so
these top five guys are gonna clap
cheeks right and keep in mind back then
women didn't mind sharing a guy with
other women so you will have 10 women
sharing five men right maybe this guy
might have two this guy might have three
this guy might have four or maybe you
know this guy might have two it doesn't
matter right but most of the women will
hook up with the guys up there why
because again they need a guy to protect
them they need a guy to protect them
from other males they need a guy that's
gonna fight off the predators the reason
why men are bigger than women right it's
not about coincidence it's about sexual
selection
women choosing the bigger stronger men
but meanwhile at the bottom fewer and
fewer of these jerry [ __ ] are
going to pass on their genes let's
imagine we're in a second type of
society where men with fathers are
marrying their daughters off
who the [ __ ] do you think which one of
these fathers is going to marry his
daughter to a jerry [ __ ] knowing
all of the threats that were out there
at the time not to mention you also had
to pay the diary right so the guy had to
have enough money to be able to you know
pay for the bride so he had to be once
again competent enough productive enough
to even be able to afford the diary or
let's pick society number three with the
man we're taking women by force
who the [ __ ] do you think is gonna have
the most women the jerry [ __ ]
are gonna take the women from these guys
see so anyway you look at it no matter
what the society was if you are here
today it means your ancestor was a
complete beast that's the only way he
was gonna be able to consistently pass
on his dream same thing with his son and
his son and his son after him all the
way down to your bum accident so that's
why i always tell you guys take pride i
don't care where you from
be proud of your industry be proud of
the [ __ ] that your ancestors had to
survive and most importantly do
something with the genes that passed on
to you right i had a guy ask me several
times hey megan do you think some people
are just born average and don't have you
know any talents or any genetic gifts my
answer is is very rare unless you have
some [ __ ] up mutation some some crazy
disease where you're unproductive and
[ __ ] almost everyone has something that
their ancestors passed down to i don't
care if it's cognitive abilities high iq
uh good at sports good at strength good
at planning good at leadership community
i don't care what it is
everyone has something that makes them
stand out because once again your
ancestor passed on those genes you know
of course you also have some weak people
in your lineage but the odds
are overwhelmingly on the side of the of
the competent metal remember humans have
been around for over 300 000 years as
homo sapiens of course and we've been
around even longer if you go back to the
arcade species so you can't tell me that
after millions of years after hundreds
of thousands of years you do not have
some kind of genetic advantage you just
gotta look you know everyone is
different like i said earlier right you
could be good at you could be good at
things that
you know you probably looking in the
wrong place right some of you guys
everyone wants to be in sports everyone
wants to be a [ __ ] bodybuilder there
are so many things that you are gifted
that you're probably not looking for i
don't care if it's music i don't care if
it's art i don't care if it's
intelligence i don't care what it is
constantly quiz yourself constantly
study yourself so you can find out where
your strength started find out where
your weaknesses are so that you can
position yourself
to take advantage of those genes that
your ancestor passed on to you alright
guys so hope this video helps stop being
a lazy piece of [ __ ] stop being a
[ __ ] coward
stop making excuses for everything start
making excuses for your failures pick
yourself up find out what you're good at
remember team 3d right diamond is
discipline direction meaning find what
you're good at
create a daily routine that makes you a
complete beast at what you're good at
and then develop a vision that allows
you to not just be the best of what you
do the best of what you enjoy but that
allows you to provide value to those
around you to your friends to your
family to your industry doesn't matter
what it is right make your instances
proud all right guys i'm out of here see
you in the comment section oh and don't
forget to join the reddit alright guys
don't forget to like or share the video
subscribe and hit the bell and buy my
hsb nucleus of a little training program
it's the ultimate program for maximum
muscle growth it includes full body
workout splits bro splits push-pull
workouts you name it also comes with a
complete guide for macros nutrition fat
loss muscle growth hormones
including a meal plan it's pretty much
all my 16 years of experience
condensed into one [ __ ] book you're
also gonna get free copies of any future
edition so visit team3d alpha.com and
you can use the 40 off coupon code
nucleus overload or you could just buy
this [ __ ] at full price all right guys
i'm out of here
