hey guys what's going on Megan here so
so glad to be back all right the 20 most
stubborn muscle groups to grow the
hardest body parts to grow by the way
I've been busy working on so many
projects got a ton of things that I
worked on for the channel uh by the way
new training program is live it's called
the Centurion training program check it
out in the description it's for busy
guys trying to do a three times a week
full body program HSP training of course
also the new private training group is
also live link is in the description
check it out we're going to train
together we're going to run this ining
program together in four week cycles and
then we're going to share feedback and
uh discuss testost and muscle grow all
that stuff so join both links in the
description let's get started the 20
hardest body parts to grow based on
years of experience and obviously
training countless people including my
own biases as well I'm also going to
incorporate some of the scientific
findings on fiber tab distribution and
things like that right so let's get
started ABS Believe It or Not ABS I'm
going to put ABS in normal right it's
actually easy to grow ABS is just people
forget ABS is just a muscle right the
reason why people don't see the ABS
because too much body fat it's that
simple but abs are easy to grow very
simple exercises in order to grow them
uh like I said the reason why most
people don't have great abs is because
of body fat it's not because they're a
hard muscle to grow next we have triceps
Believe It or Not triceps are very easy
to grow right very easy to grow triceps
both the short head and the long head
uh in fact most people that have been
training for at least 2 years um will
have uh developed triceps it's also very
fast to it dominant so it's going to be
easy to grow for most people next we
have chess again believe it or not it is
easy to grow a big chest right it's all
about having proper exercise selection
uh genetics obviously play a role in all
of this right but on average most people
uh should be able to develop a great
chest not a allo type chest but a great
chest next we have lats right wide lats
I'm going to put this in normal uh
mainly because um obviously insertions
play a role Origins and insertion play a
role on how your muscles going to look
and grow The Leverage and things like
that but uh lets you know are very
tricky right because depending on where
your lats origin insert you might have a
hard time um having big lats your lats
are still going to grow but the way they
look the way they F out from the front
that's going to depend mostly on where
they insert and again like I said I
apply soup almost every muscle but for
lat is a lot more pronounced like if you
have crappy crappy crappy lat insertions
I mean you you pretty much capped in
development so I'm going to put lats to
normal right if you train hard pull-ups
lot of pulling motions a lot of roolling
motions within two years again um you're
going to see uh substantial lat
development next we have biceps again
biceps is another muscle that's easy to
grow mainly because does it is uh
primarily a type two fiber SL fast twist
dominant muscle it is not complicated
you don't need a millon exercises to
grow big biceps as always insertions
also matter depending on where your uh
bicep inserts on the bone but all I see
go is fairly easy to grow biceps they're
also not a predominantly androgenic
muscle mainly the sexual dimorphism in
biceps is not as pronounced as in some
of the muscles you're going to see soon
so they don't have significantly more
Androgen receptors than other body parts
all right next we have quads I'm going
to put quads at normal difficulty right
it's not too hard it's not too easy to
grow quads most people have small quads
because they don't train quads or they
do it like once a week and then they're
expected to blow up um but quads are
relatively I'm going to put it normal
right it's not that hard to have a nice
set of wheels front delts Believe It or
Not front delts are easy to grow I mean
just look around the gym anybody who's
been benching for over one or two years
is going to have uh big front dels all
right especially if they have a low body
fat so you can actually see the
definition so it's not too hard to have
big fonts in fact most people have
overdeveloped fonts uh but to me you
guys know I'm I'm I'm a dick to the
shoulder so I don't think you could have
overdeveloped funel but you get what I
mean next TB TB I don't give a [ __ ] I'm
I'm going to put TBL normal right nobody
cares about that muscle right and I'm
not gonna waste my time digging into the
research on TB development
uh I know I hate on this muscle so much
but uh it's not useless though it's not
useless every muscle has its purpose uh
next we have mid trap so that's midback
I'm going to put that at hard believe it
or not it is hard to have a nice thick
midback right mainly mid traps lower
traps and a little bit of upper traps
right but mainly mid traps um it's not
easy and you can also look at even in
the ifbb the most elite bodybuilders on
best genetics grams of steroids uh not
all of them have great midback
development right it's not a it's not a
muscle that's easy to develop it has a
very big genetic component relative to
the other ones so if you have a great
midback um than thank your parents next
we have hamstrings I'm going to put
hamstrings at normal right this one is
very dependent on the individual right
some people blow up their hamstrings
after 6 months to a year of training
some don't it's right there in the
middle in most people it is
predominantly slow twitch which there
what makes it hard to blow up um but
like I said that's not the only factor
that determines how big a muscle can get
obviously it's you know the biggest
Factor but it's not the only Factor next
we have forearms just quit bro just quit
I'm obviously joking when I say just
quit right if you want a muscle to grow
don't quit um so that's just for uh
that's just comedic in 10 here but this
is one of the hardest muscles to grow
it's one of those muscles where you
either have it or you don't even after
years of training don't get me wrong
you're going to make progress if you
train your forearms for 2 years you're
going to have bigger forearms right
there's just no way around it unless you
have smeo genetics uh but it is very
very very uh you know it's mostly
basically in genetics compared to all
the other muscle groups right everything
obviously evolve genetics I'm talking
about on a relative basis forearms are
so hard to grow a big reason is because
they're obviously slow twist dominant
right you use them in you know pretty
much every day we evolve to use our
forarms all the time so but yeah yeah
they're so hard to grow next we have
spinal rectors again I'm going to put
those at normal right the reason why
they're not overly developed in most
people simply because most people don't
train them
directly all right but if you do a lot
of dead list if you do a lot of
extensions um you're going to develop
your
Erectors all lse of course next we have
obliques I'm going to put obliques at
normal as well again it's just that most
people either don't train them directly
uh that thing that just doing situps is
going to blow up their obliques that's
not how it works um and obviously the
body the body fat component right so
most people think oh it's very hard to
build obliques and then they're freaking
30% body fat uh so they're not hard to
develop it's just you got to train them
directly and of course you got to lower
your body fat next we have neck Believe
It or Not neck is actually easier to
develop it's just again most people
don't train their necks uh correctly
that is uh and that includes both the
splenius the sternal Cloud masto all
that stuff right neck is relatively easy
to train I mean develop is just uh you
got to train it directly unless unless
you're on roids if you on grams of gear
your neck will blow up with zero neck
training in fact it's one of the most
androgenic uh muscles where it just
blows up on steroids in fact that's one
of the biggest giveaways right uh that
someone is on Roy they have huge necks
and then you ask them oh how often do
you train your neck and then they're
like what right they don't train necks
right Ronney Coleman doesn't train his
neck Phil he didn't train his neck most
ifbb Pros if they're honest they'll tell
you they haven't done a single neck curl
in their entire life yet they have Bry
broy necks um same thing with puberty
right when you go through puberty your
neck grows um relative to the average
female or the average pre puberta boy
with zero neck training right a lot of
Androgen receptors in the neck also I
still think it's one of the most badass
muscles ever right you look at football
players just huge necks shout out to
take your spikes by the way all right
next we have Cavs just quick bro you
guys know this is going here just quit
just quit just quit calves are so hard
to grow um for two reasons right there's
huge variation in insertion points right
between ethnic groups between people
within races and ethnic groups um and
also the fact that it is extremely slow
twist dominant in fact it is one of the
most slow twist dominant muscles in the
entire body so when you combine those
two things right the insertion points
whether you have low or high insertions
and the fiber component um it it it
makes Cavs such a hugely genetic uh
muscle group which is why you have
people who never and I mean never did
calf raises in their entire lives or
never went hiking for long periods of
time and have massive Cales they're like
60 years old you guys know what I'm
talking about you walk into the gym you
go in the locker room you see a 80y old
guy with just Bry Cales and no muscle
any anywhere else on his body and
meanwhile you got guys who are doing Cal
raised seated standing diagonal and they
still don't have Cal development right
uh it's mainly genetic right look at
athletes as well right especially West
African descendant athletes a lot of
African-American athletes um they have a
lot of uh uh they have big quads they
jump high uh they brolic but they have
crap CS same thing in IBB right look at
the IBB look at danis Wolf you guys
think danis wolf Dan train his Cavs you
know uh very genetic very genetic so for
me just quck right again I'm joking if
you want big Cavs obviously train him
that was still grow right alln know as
an example um he he was able to grow his
calves they were one of his worst body
parts but again that's Arnold top TI
genetics grams of gear um so can't use
them as an example all right next we
have glutes it's actually easy to grow
glutes it is very easy to grow glutes
it's just again most people don't train
them or they don't train them correctly
right it's very easy to grow glutes if
you train your legs if you do squats you
do HP dust if even if you do Romanian
deadlifts stiffle deadlifts um you're
going to to have uh big glutes within a
year or two right it's not hard to train
glutes it's not hard to develop glutes
next we have break your radialis this
one is also hard right it is hard to
have a huge um break here even if you
train it directly now it will grow right
it's not as hard as the you know uh your
flexors it will grow but you know to an
extent a great example is I mean just
look at Phil he right Phil he does not
do any direct uh breaker radiatus work
and he has massive massive proba in fact
Phil Heath and Lee Priest have the best
breaker radialis in a in a business um
and they don't even train it directly
but to be fair they're also genetic
Elites and outliers so you know they're
not a good reference point next we have
real delts I'm going to put that at Hal
as well and it's not just because most
people don't train their real dust
directly which is you know which is
actually true most people don't even
train uh they'll do like I don't know
three sets of reverse flies in call it a
day uh so it's not just because most
people don't train it directly it is
also so a hard muscle to blow up right
for one it's small right small so
whenever you do a lot of when people try
to train it back the larger muscle
groups take over wrong boys made traps
whatever and the second reason is again
most people have a hard time even
activating the muscle and if you don't
activate a muscle you don't recruit the
high thr restal motor units it's going
to be hard to apply mechanical tension
therefore it's going to be hard for the
muscle to grow so that one is uh you
know I'm going to put that at hard not
impossible but hard side delts just quit
bro just quit side delts are so hard to
blow up um which is why most Naturals
even after 2 three years of training um
still have crappy side dels now don't
get me wrong it's not entirely genetic
right uh because if I look at the
program of most people that just don't
train their side DS with enough volume
or with the proper technique right so
you also got to factor that in uh most
people will do like you know they'll do
their presses which obviously activates
your side does to a degree then they'll
do like standing lat raises with
dumbbells call it the day right that
that that's not enough to blow up your
side delts these are muscles that you
just have to spam you got to do your
lateral raises you got to do high
frequency nucle overload to get them to
grow um of course if you're on steroids
they're going to grow like crazy they're
going to grow like weeds on three sets
of lateral raises a week right but this
is uh most people are not on gear at
least for now all right things are
getting worse last but not least we have
upper traps upper traps just quit bro
just quit that is a largely genetic
muscle group a lot of Androgen receptors
as well a ton of endogen receptors which
is once again why people on Roy's uh
blow up their upper traps without even
doing shrugs or upright rolls or direct
upper trap work um it's still going to
grow right but you're going to have to
really really slam it with lot of
intensity lot of volume lot of frequency
as a natural to get that blow up and
even then it won't they won't be as big
as somebody who just hops on gear right
guys that said join the training group
we start the next 4 week cycle in a few
days grab the ebook support the Channel
all the good stuff I'm out
