hey guys what's going on Chim
3D Alpha uh this is to answer a popular
question I get am I still doing car
backloading well the answer is um yes
and no at the same
time
um yes because I'm still eating my cars
at night especially before bed I'm still
following the car backloading principles
which I believe are the best principles
ever so simple which is eating my carbs
um the day before eating a lot of carbs
the night before my next workout and um
not eating too many carbs on the days
where I'm not going to
train I mean on the days when I'm not
going to train the next day because
really uh if you understand how
carbohydrates work they're really for
energy you know so if you're eating a
lot of carbs and you're not using that
energy you're just going to turn into
fat pretty simple I mean B building 101
now the reason why so yeah I'm still
doing that and I'm still trying to get
my fast in the morning nuts and stuff
like that so I'm I'm doing like a half
and half I'm still keeping the the main
principles of car back loading which is
eat your cars later at night the
majority of your cars late at night and
um my fault y'all the um battery died
and the memory card was full so matter
of fact memory card was full I went in
the back deleted some videos from the
gym workout from the workout that me and
Matt did about 2 days ago and I put it
back on it was like change the battery
pack are you serious
so I put it back in um on the charger by
the way I was Cho chopping my pineapples
cuz uh I bought two of them usually
usually my baby mama does it but I
forgot to remind her and um they were
going bad so I had to take care of I'm
really tired right now uh it's finals
week I had two finals today uh just got
back from the gym also I'm trying to
make some quick meals eat go to bed
anyway back to what I was saying uh so
yeah it's very hard for me to do uh 100%
car back loading now that's why I'm kind
of like doing half and half for two
reasons like I said first of all I'm I'm
leaving the house at like 8:00 in the
morning I'm going to get back to 10:00
at night so I'm outside from 8:00 to
10:00 um between class and work so I
can't really do the straight car back
loading which is like fats and fiber in
the morning and then cars post-workout
you know supposed to go to the gym
around 300 and 5: nowadays I go to the
gym at like 9 9:30 I want get home till
10:00 like I said so I work out too late
on work days um and like I said it just
it just changes everything up meaning I
got to do a lot of changes to kind of
like follow the stri diet so you know
what [ __ ] it I'm still going to backload
at night but during the day I drink my
protein shakes you know at least every 2
three hours and my protein shakes have a
little bit of sugars in them a little
bit of carbs so um it kind of throws off
the whole you know no carbs before
before the workout thing cuz you know
you're supposed to take zero to little
carbs and since I take a lot of prot
shakes during the day it kind of you
know cancels carbs um and I don't feel
like buying the the we Isola all that
[ __ ] I don't got time for that so as of
now I'm doing like half and half now um
if I didn't have all these
inconveniences if I didn't have to to go
to work and school all day and I still
had like a a manageable schedule would I
still do cback loading hell yeah I would
guys this is to for me and the ones who
are doing it in my circle it's the best
D I don't want to call it a d cuz that's
the way everybody should eat that's the
best um eating life eating system that
you know I ever tried um and if You'
been foll me for a long time you know I
tried everything I tried every diet
under the reason why it's so good is
because it's the only diet where um I
was eating all the food that I wanted
all the cars that I wanted and I was
eating in fact when I was counting the
calories I was eating more calories on
car back loading than I was eating when
I was barking early in the year and I
was getting leaner watch some of the
videos I'm going to try to put the links
up on the description uh some of the
videos I'm you know I'm talking about
you know callback loading and cooking
whatever that was like when I was
following callback loading to you know
to to the te like stract cback loading I
was eating more calories and I'm not
going to lie I was eating dirty calories
too I was eating way more calories than
I was eating when I was bulking and I
kept getting leaner and leaner and
leaner not skinny leaner I was getting
leaner and I was actually muscular on a
daily basis I mean it's not one of the
things that you only do for like a week
and see results not only I was seeing
results within days but I was doing that
for a long time and I was like dude this
is first I was like you know what maybe
this is just like you know uh a trick
that only works the first week I noticed
it was working two months 3 months I
like Jesus Christ man so as far as
everything else that I tried if I had a
chance to to fix my schedule up and and
and go back to a eating lifestyle it
would be straight C back loading but
like I said school is almost over so
hopefully I see how you know how my work
hours go and I be able to hop back on
the Stak C back loading diet but as for
now like I said I'm just I'm still
eating my CS at night only difference is
I'm taking protein shakes in the day and
daytime and every night and then I eat
like you know few carbs or I drink milk
my protein shake which has some cars in
there but you know it's not I say it's
half and half but uh yeah so that anwers
your question um like I said once again
I'm not imposing this on y'all do
whatever works for you if your diet is
working for you you know stick to it
obviously this working for me I'm
getting the games that I want um the fat
is coming along obviously cuz like I
said I'm not following it strictly so
the fat is coming on I'm not really
worried about that cuz now with callback
loading in my jump rope
fat burning is the easiest thing to me
now like to be honest I can't wait till
this bu is over cuz fat burning is so
easy for me now like I said I tried so
many diet so now I know how my body
reacts I know I know um when to train to
burn fat what to do I don't have to do
cardio those videos that I just showed y
I was leing as [ __ ] I wasn't doing
cardio I was just getting up in the
morning and doing the whole jump roing
thing anyway all subscribers know what
I'm talking about new subscribers might
be a little confused but like I said fat
bur is not a problem so for those of you
saying oh you putting on too much fat
at I know what I'm doing calm down you
get your Gams over there the only thing
I need from you is your your support
your opinion and that's about it no ha
to talk um you know acting like I know
what I'm doing anyway right now I'm
making some some plantains to eat with
some rice some spinach and some
fish that's almost done put down the drw
for and Grill and I'm going call it the
night
man T through the like the video hope
you dominating your life Wherever You
Are
