hey guys going on Megan here this is a
followup on the video on digestion I'm
going through the comments and one of
the comments that I'm getting is what
are some steps to improve digestion I'm
actually getting a lot of questions on
that and again go back and watch that
video quick recap I mentioned how
digestion is the most important part of
body composition body building building
muscle losing fat things like that why
simply because food nutrition and
hydration is the most important part of
body composition you know fact uh you
know without food you can't train you
can't go to the gym you can't you want
to be watching the video if you are not
you know fully fat and hydrated and
things like that your body simply cannot
function without food so before you
think of build building muscle before
you think of losing fat you got to think
of how do I get the the nutrients into
my body so that's what makes uh
nutrition the most important part you
know and I was talk about how it's 80%
off the pie so if nutrition is so
important then that makes digestion King
you know because again people forget
when you eat food it it does not go into
your cells it goes into your your you
know your [ __ ] tube right it goes
into your esophagus your stomach why do
you think we have a digestive system
guys people think oh I just ate you know
3,000 calories so my body you know has
3,000 calories available to it that's
not how it [ __ ] works your body has
to digest break down that food and then
you know send it into the blood and then
into the cells and that's how the food
the nutrients from the food that you eat
is actually being used so if that
process is hindered I don't give a [ __ ]
what you eat I mean just look at some of
the illnesses people that have severe
illnesses with digestion where they're
eating and it just keep [ __ ] the
whole thing out you know they're like
what the [ __ ] you know whatever you know
I bet you that my fitness if they go to
my fitness pile they're going to put oh
I ate 2,000 calories today but their
body does not have access to all two, no
calories all the nutrients within no
calories because they were not fully
digested all right anyway so uh uh watch
that video I don't want to go into the
details um now so what are the steps to
improve digest to make sure that your
food is being absorbed the nutrients in
the food are being absorbed which is the
reason why we eat food for the nutrients
number one chew the [ __ ] out of your
food I keep again more than 90% of us we
eat too [ __ ] fast it's a society we
live in you don't we don't sit down at
the table anymore and eat slowly or like
the Asians eat with chopsticks we eat
with big ass spoons big ass forks and we
just SW we don't chew our foods and we
forget that digestion begins in the
mouth especially if you're eating fats
and carbs you know you know a lot of the
enzymes that break down carbs and fat
actually you know in the mouth so make
sure you chew your food that's the first
thing I tell you guys you know those
people that eat too fast again fix that
issue because if it's not fully digested
you know if it's not if the digestion
hasn't really started in the mouth then
that's more work for the stomach and the
pancreas and the liver and things like
that long story short a lot lot of your
food is going to go through the track
undigested so that's one two is uh make
sure you eat small and frequent meals
again I know I know that sound like that
sounds like the typical eight every
three hours [ __ ] but there is sence
behind it uh first reason is because
it's going to help you chew your food
remember if you're eating a big ass Meal
which there's nothing wrong with that
but if you're eating a big ass meal
chances are you're gonna eat pretty
[ __ ] fast nobody eats a huge play I
mean I tried in a minute fasting so many
times in the past guys it forced me to
eat fast because I didn't have time so
if you people again try to eat more
frequent meals so you could spend more
time uh chewing the food and second
reason is for protein absorption amino
acid absorption all the Studies have
shown that uh to maximize nitrogen
retention and protein utilization right
we need protein of course uh it's better
to space out your Mals now I know
there's some people that say oh no this
study this study says that the bulk you
know of the studies actually show that
for maximum retention it is better to
eat you know because they they looked at
eating eating what 6 meals a day 1 M A
Day 2 meals a day 3 meals a day they
compared everything and they find out
that the greater increase in retention
happen when you ate you know kind of
like a balanced frequency all right so
try to space out your meals and eat them
small because of protein absorption and
um the chewing thing the third thing is
obviously get get a lot of fiber you
know that's common sense fiber helps
food move through the tract it helps
slow down the digestion why do you want
to slow down digestion because again it
it gives
more time for the enzymes to do their
work and it gives more time for the
cells of the small intestine to absorb
the nutrients and you know it also helps
you flux out you know flood toxins and
things like that so that's your fiber
intake that's three number four increase
your water intake almost every video I'm
going to make is going to mention water
because again water is crucial to every
function of the human body every cell in
a human body you know we More than 70%
water for a reason you need water for
muscle building fat loss hormone
optimization everything so once you're
getting enough water that's going to AG
in your your digestion number five I'm
sure you're getting some protein
addressing
enzymes uh I've mentioned that several
times you could get them from uh uh pan
you know in papaya Broman in pineapple
you can get them from kiwis uh again
your your stomach does make protein n
and enzymes but remember we eat a lot of
[ __ ] protein as bodybuilders you know
so we want to make sure and protein is
very [ __ ] expensive right I I rather
you know overdo it on enzymes than
underdo it because protein is expensive
you don't want to eat 100 Gams of
protein and not have it be absorbed and
digested so again get you some protein
digesting enzymes great you know for
increasing nitrogen retention and immuno
acid
utilization um how many things I
mentioned so
far uh I think that's it I'm trying to
think oh probiotics make sure you're
getting some some probiotics for your
gut floral your gut health uh very very
important a lot of us forget that a lot
of the food that we eat is actually
digested also by the bacteria in uh you
know the microbes in our stomach so make
sure you're getting some probiotics if
you're not eating L of fermented foods
if you are you don't have to worry about
that you know try to get all these
things again try to keep it you know
simple you know don't go out don't go
out of your way and buy crazy
supplements if you could just get those
things from the food sources like the
protein diges enzymes from the fruits
and things like that and um I think
that's it oh oh yeah last thing is uh
take care of your liver take care of
your [ __ ] liver L people forget that
your liver is the most important organ
for digestion make sure your liver is
working well uh 90% of us again we eat a
ton of junk food we surrounded by a ton
of toxins and that puts a lot of stress
on our liver remember your liver also is
responsible for releasing B which helps
with fat digestion why is that important
because fat is not digested well nowbody
doesn't have access to the the fat
soluble vitamins it has have access to
uh you know a maximum supply of
cholesterol to you know to make vitamin
D to make it testosterone and things
like that so that's it guys those are
the seven things I think I've listed
them all obviously there's more more
small things you could do but those are
the top seven all right guys hope this
video helps um like the video if it did
comment your questions below because
that's where the questions come from and
um share this video if it helps you know
if you know one or two people that could
benefit from that share the video all
right guys team to the Alpha
Man
e
