hey guys going on om Megan here here are
the top 10 testosterone Commandments to
boost your testosterone to well over a
th000 NR P death leader all right guys
once again this is based on over 20
years of experience doing this [ __ ]
teaching this [ __ ] coaching people on
this and obviously years and years of
digging through the science to weed out
all the noise and misinformation online
so forget everything you heard about
testosterone focus on this 10 rules that
you must keep to maximize your T levels
and also your net Androgen status which
is obviously more important to stat on
but I have to dumb things down I have to
say th nanogram desol testosterone I
can't say DHD I can't say uh Nas right
and as far as the criteria sorry as far
as the categories we have gold tier so
that's mandatory meaning if you mess up
on those goodbye your testosterone
silver tier that's crucial and obviously
bronze tier that's important very
important anything that's not in those
three tiers is garbage there's so much
so much garbage on the internet about
testone boosting from guys who read two
abstracts or freaking three years into
this right so I'm going to remove all of
the noise I can't stand it every time I
see a tone post it's nonsense people
just regurgitating what they heard
instead of having experienc in it and
obviously uh studying it all right so
let's get started if you have any
questions about your T levels being low
it's going to be due to you breaking one
of these laws here right all right all
right so let's start at bronze steer
okay so I'm going to
pick all right so let's start with
status that seem important keep in mind
I'm starting everything I made sure that
everything starts with the letter S to
make it very easy to memorize so
everything here I'm going to use a word
that starts with the letter S status but
that really means it's competition
competition for social status why is
that important for
testosterone everyone forgets that
testosterone evolved for two reasons for
sex and for war that's it the biological
The evolutionary purpose of testosterone
is to help you pass on your genes but
because humans are a tournament species
meaning we're not monogamous we actually
polygamous we had to fight for mates
your ancestors had to fight to clap
cheeks because of that if you look at
every other tournament species every
other animal uh that's a that's part of
a you know part of that group males have
to fight for mace that's the reason why
we have sexual dimorphism that's the
reason why men are bigger than women
strong it's funny people actually like
question they go wait is it true that we
polygamist is it true that men evolve to
fight and I'm like how dumb can you be
look at a man look at a woman even if
you don't know biology even if you
didn't spend years studying evolutionary
biology and evolutionary psychology and
new signs like I did um just use common
sense why do you think men are bigger
than women you think it's by coincidence
why do you think men are faster stronger
more energy bigger Hearts bigger lungs
bigger bones
taller we evolve to fight and those who
were good Fighters were able to pass on
their jeans and over time we use that
for hunting and stuff like that hunting
actually came after uh we evolved to
fight so long story short tone evolved
to facilitate two things War so fighting
that's why men love sports in every
country and culture you go to men love
sports and if you take them out of
competition they will look for ways to
compete why you think men are addicted
to video games look at most video games
that men Play It's 90% of the time it's
competition based there's some outliers
of course right is an exception to every
rule there's some guys who like doing
other things but most of the time men
are playing Call of Duty men are playing
RPGs men are playing fighting games men
love to compete and if we don't do it in
the physical world the brain will find a
way to make you do it in the virtual
world right so it's no and again you
don't have to fight when I said status
fight for social status which is what
the St only Evol to do it doesn't have
to be physical fighting it could be any
form of competition there are studies
that show I made videos about that huge
increases in testosterone from playing
chess from playing video games from
doing math competitions it doesn't
matter as long as your brain sees that
as a way for you to escalate to increase
your status it will increase
testosterone right so you have to
channel I'm not saying go out there and
fight people I'm not saying go out there
and make everything competition no but
just find ways to climb up the social
hierarchy doing finding your iy gu doing
things that you enjoy while at the same
time making the world better right
that's what I I'm a big believer of
channeling your your drive to compete
your drive to conquer channel that into
making the world better right then
everybody wins you get to compete you
get to eventually clap cheeks in the
future cuz women love picking men's well
high in status but at the same time you
also make the world a better place right
so long story short you have to engage
in competitions daily right all of these
Commandments have to be done daily
because the stone fluctuates it doesn't
stay up it doesn't stay low it goes up
and down based on your environment and
uh based on the food that you eat and
all those things so these have to be
spammed every freaking day CU remember
the body actually doesn't like producing
testosterone it only does it when it's
forced to do it because testosterone is
costly and I explained that before the
body doesn't like producing high tea
it's very costly it competes with uh
survival it competes with the immune
system so the body only releases
testosterone when you need it if you
don't need it you will be low te um and
how do you show your body that you need
it well you have to put yourself in
environments like this one here where
the body has to to release it okay so
first one is status compete for social
status daily physically or
mentally next we have steps right very
important and very underrated steps just
stands for activity right exercise uh
cardiovascular exercise getting your at
least 10,000 steps a day if not more uh
more is better obviously there's
diminishing returns there's an inverted
U curve to everything but above 8 to
10,000 steps a day you really start to
get the benefits of walking so now I
said steps but like I said it's anything
that you know counts as physical
exercise right it could be swimming it
could be uh running it could be cycling
it could be sparring right I believe
every man should fight I believe every
man should pick up a martial art um so
anything that counts as exercise is
going to increase it testosterone and
there's many reasons for that if you
want I could make another video where I
explain the reason why all of those
things increase testosterone as far as
the studies you guys know I have studies
for days check out my articles check out
my free book on this go to the website
it's completely free um or join the
school Community where it's also free
for now won't be free for a long time
but it's free for now join the school
Community where I post all the studies
all the the stuff join it follow the
Instagram I also put a lot of studies
out there so if you're looking for any
evidence to back this up follow my
social
um let's see and I also have a course a
free course on uh on school school.com
all right so make sure you walk every
day I tell every man at least 10,000
steps a day right unless you're doing
stuff like swimming of course you can't
count steps but it's still
activity uh if you have a low resting
heart rate then you know you know I mean
sorry if you have a high resting all
right you have a crappy V2 Max then you
know you're not doing this right all
right next let's go to where is it where
is it where is it where's
Ronnie there it is oh I'm blinding a
[ __ ] all right so strength
training right so with the letter s
strength training so resistance training
lifting weights yes not only that's
going to increase testosterone short
term there's a gazillion studies on this
as long as you don't overdo it of course
but it's also going to increase your
Baseline testosterone long term I also
posted a study that that showed this uh
in teenagers in young men and even old
men and the main reason is simple
obviously not only you're going to
increase your testos from resistance
training but you're going to increase
your Androgen receptors which is
obviously uh what matters the most right
um on top of that you're going to lower
inflammation you're going to improve
your health markers anything that
improves your health markers is going to
directly and indirectly increase your
testosterone so lift weights at least
three times a week full body workouts
you guys already know I'm it's been what
over 13 years now and I've been right
from the beginning full body workouts a
King for health for performance for
sports if you're an athlete you're a
fighter doesn't matter the king of all
work as SP is f body workouts does it
mean that you can't do all splits of
course of course you could do push pull
up or lower whatever do any split that
you could stick to but if you want the
best full body training is king um not
just for muscle growth but for strength
and for metabolic health so lift weights
on a daily basis full body three times a
week and on your off days you could do
like power training you could do things
that are not damaging while your body is
recovering all right next we have sex
starting with the letter s sex so what
is that one so there's two things one is
exposure to attractive females I made
many videos about that and post go look
it up that increases testosterone for
obvious reason remember what I said in
the beginning of the video testosterone
evolve for what for reproduction it is a
sex
hormone everyone forgets that right
every it's crazy how when I post studies
that show that men that have sex or that
supposed to women have higher tea on
average everyone is surprised especially
the sem retention clowns they're wait
wait what I'm like how can you be
surprised it's a sex homone of course
it's going to go up when you exposed to
women and you're having sex frequently
right so the literature on this is clear
it goes back for decades men who have
sex often have highest and it's notation
doesn't causation no it's causation
[ __ ] scientists are not [ __ ] every
study the goal of studies is to find
causation not just correlation right so
their tea levels go up after they have
sex not before obviously right
immediately before they're going to get
that Spike um but they had higher tea
levels after having sex and on the days
or weeks where they didn't have sex they
had lower tea levels right and the
studies have been replicated on Rats on
monkeys on humans you name it not only
having sex increases te so there goes
all the myths out there
about nonsense it increases te it
increases Androgen receptors unless you
overdo it then you're going to get get a
decreas in Androgen receptors but then
it's going to shoot back up and again
I've showed that study that a lot of of
the NOAB cement retention Community like
to misinterpret right so not only you
increasing your Androgen
receptors but you also increasing your
tea levels as long as you have sex
frequently another Common Sense guys you
think porn stars are low te like just
people are so freaking dumb it blows my
mind right you think porn stars are ly
and all they do is clap cheeks on a
daily basis busting endless nuts but me
what about prolactin prola the body
bu I got to take a deep breath cuz
people are so freaking dumb it's called
homeostasis when you increase on hormone
a hormone too much the body will do
counter mechanisms to try to bring it
back to Baseline so if your tea levels
are too high your body will eventually
convert that to estrad right the main
estrogen it would also increase pactin
to bring you back down if you're having
too much sex but that's not to lower
your tea it's to stabilize it cuz like I
said earlier the body does not like
chronically high tea right you can't be
over a th000 2,000 NR pest ler forever
it's it's actually bad for you right the
inverted you curve blast to everything
right so prolactin is not to be scared
another thing that people forget people
just like throwing scientific terms
without even knowing what it means
another thing that people forget is that
eating increases prolactin you're going
to stop eating right it's a satiating
hormone it makes you lazy and tired to
make you stop the activity else without
prolactin you will have sex 24/7 and
obviously die without prolac ing you
literally eat Non-Stop and die right
it's a hormone that keeps testosterone
and the other androgens inbalance right
it's actually a good hormone men that
have super low prolactin guess what they
actually have health issues and
fertility issues so it's all about
context guys right so not only having
sex is great for your testosterone du a
freaking sex hormone right but it's but
also exposure to female meaning just
being in a room where there's attractive
women being in a place is attractive
women ton of data on that great for
testosterone levels and sure enough if
you look at one of the studies that I
think I posted in the school community
and on Instagram um even men young men
who are supposed to be super high te if
you put them in uh religious
institutions or School schools where
there's no girls no you know no women
they have up to 40% less testosterone
let that sink in that is a huge drop
from just being removed from females and
we see the same thing in the animal
kingdom take male males remove them from
females their tea levels go down
reintroduce females in a vicinity they
don't even have to interact with the
females and the tea levels go back up
that's the body that's the brain saying
okay time to impress her time to take
risks time to lower your anxiety so that
you can compete for status or clap your
cheeks right so you guys cannot stay
home all day that's why I always say one
of the worst things you could do as a
man is staying home all day right
because you're not competing for status
what's the exceptions and you're not
exposed to women we evolved as hunter
gatherers in crbs walking around in loin
clo and seeing bad [ __ ] all around
the village right and it kept us
motivated made us want to go hunt made
us want to be the best hunter because
the best hunter usually had the most
cheeks right so you have to expose
yourself to attractive females daily you
don't have to interact with them
obviously if you interact with them
that's a bigger boost right and again
the studies back that up but just make
sure they're around you know for all you
but I'm an introvert get out of here I
can't stand when people use the
introvert excuse I'm an introvert
introvert these nuts go out there and
conquer all right next we moving to uh
body fat right has to start with the
letter s so I use stomach right look at
your stomach right is your body fat too
high right that's going to go in crucial
silver tier the one of the biggest
killers of testosterone is hot body fat
in fact one of the reasons why people
think that testosterone goes down as you
age which is the myth by the way
um it's not due to age unless you like
90 years old uh it's actually due to
Lifestyle Changes and dietary changes
that we do as we age right again
correlation doesn't mean causation um
and there's a ton of research on this
the trt industry obviously because they
want to promote trt and they want to
freaking rape you guys off they started
the whole lie of oh yeah after 30 your
your T levels dropped there's nothing
you could do hop on TT right nonsense
study after study has shown that as you
approach 30
as long as you keep your lifestyle
habits as long as you optimize them you
eat well you you exercise your tea
levels are not only high but they're
even higher than younger men think about
that men in their 30s 40s 50s I even
have studies where I could show you guys
men who are 70 years old and who
exercise eat well don't drink alcohol
sleep whatever have higher tea levels
than 20 15 18 year old man who stay home
all day eating natural chips right you
will light to your whole life because
you do not have critical thinking you
believe everything you hear it came from
a doctor it must be true it came from an
expert it must be true wrong G levels Do
not drop with age except at the extremes
meaning if you literally about to die
you freaking 90 something you Lally
withering away yeah of course your T
level is going to go down but everything
else is going to go down right and so
now if you look at countries where men
at age 30 40 50 are poor so they have to
exercise against their will because they
have to walk to the well they have to
fish they have to work in mines they
have just as much tea levels as the
younger guys also if you look at studies
that look at hunter gatherers men who
are 40s and their 50s who are still
hunting or still fighting still engaged
in tribal Warfare right cuz Hunter
gather tribs do fight also have the same
T levels as younger
men you were lied to by men that are
promoting uh trt because they're getting
paid for it and also by men who hopped
on the juice and want to feel better
about them so they tell you oh yeah I
turned 30 and then you know I had to get
on trt nonsense nonsense you do not need
TLT the only people who need steroids in
TLT I've said this all the time three
groups of people that I believe should
be on PEDs in fact I recommend it right
not medical advice but I recommend it
Elite athletes people in medical
scenarios and people who are unable to
produce tea naturally that's the only
time those people should be on P Elite
athletes medical scenarios like let's
say you have ball cancer or you have
AIDS or you have something that just
obviously makes it so that you can't
produce tea right you can't keep the 10
te Commandments and uh the third one is
obviously uh uh people that can't
produce tea naturally no matter what
those are the guys who should be on PDS
in my opinion if you don't fall in that
category you have no business being on
PDS right so forget everything else you
heard so back to stomach back to body
fat make sure your body fat is not too
high right and of course as man approach
it sturdy the body fat starts to
increase because we get kids we settle
down the dad body kick in it happened to
me too it happens to everybody you know
but it does not have to happen you can't
let it creep up on you right so make
sure your body fat is not too high one
of the biggest predictors of
testosterone is your body fat obviously
it's an inverse relationship if your BMI
increases your body fat increases not
talking about BMI if you jacked I'm
talking about like for the average God
so if your body fat increases your T
levels will go down and the reason is
simple a lot of your testosterone is
going to convert to estd dool not to
mention that inflammation destroys
testosterone and body fat excess body
fat releases a lot of inflammatory
saddle gun right but it goes both ways
you also cannot be too lean you cannot
be too shredded I tell people be between
10% body fat to 20% Max depend on where
you store your body fat some people look
fat as [ __ ] at 20% some people look
decent at 20% so 10 or 20 is just a
range ideally you want to be in the
middle so around 15% the closer you
approach 20 or 10 the lower your testone
is going to be right another reason is
because your body also needs some amount
of body fat uh to release lepin and
whatever leapin regular St on blah blah
blah I don't want to Bow you guys with
the nerdy stuff but you cannot be too
shredded you cannot be too fast in fact
that's one way you know that somebody's
on uh trt or steroids which is the same
by the way trt is steroids don't let
nobody tell you T levels are in the
normal range so I'm Natty no it's
steroids and I explain why um but the
the reason why if your T levels go sorry
the the way you could tell somebody's on
uh trt or steros is if they're very
shredded but they still have either high
tea levels or they have high strength
high energy something is wrong because
usually when you go below 10% your tea
levels get crushed sex drive goes down
energy goes down the whole N9 yards uh
so make sure that your body fat is is in
the optimal range right so that's
stomach next we have sunlight crucial
crucial for testosterone not just for
vitamin D again I have a lot of videos
and post on on this make sure guys not
only you should be in the school
Community right while it's still free
because it won't be free for a long time
but make sure you subscribe to the
newsletter because I send out all this
information I send the studies the tips
right so sunlight is key for
testosterone not just for vitamin D
obviously that's important you have
vitamin D receptors everywhere in your
body including your LC cells which is
where testone is producing freaking
balls um but also through indirect pipe
sorry indirect Pathways right such as
p-53 whatever again I made several posts
about that so make sure you're getting
plenty of sunlight obviously morning
sunlight to set your Cadian Rhythm Right
Through Your Eyes um and also for
dopamine and things like that yes
dopamine increases testosterone because
dopamine lowers prolactin and practin uh
lowers G&R so make sure you're getting
sunlight through your eyes in the
morning
right and obviously through your skin
for vitamin D you need both and of
course if you're a niggaer like me and
you live in a uh outside of where your
ancestors evolve so in Europe in Africa
right where the UVB rays are trash and
you have too much melanin because you're
a dark dude then you're going to have to
supplement with vitamin D right um same
thing if you white or Asian or whatever
and you're not getting enough sunlight
usually if you're white you're getting
plenty of sunlight through your skin
that's the whole point of white skin
white skin literally evolve for vitamin
D uh synthesis to uh in Weak UVB raised
regions uh but if you dressed if you're
covering your clothes or you have high
body fat or whatever you might have to
supplement with vitamin D right best way
to know is to test your vitamin D levels
uh make sure they're optimal so yeah get
sunlight every day next we have uh
stress that one is crucial you have to
manage stress guys you have to manage
stress long story short stress increases
cortisol and cortisol will not just
lower testosterone through multiple
Pathways but it's also going to lower
your net Androgen status right your t2c
ratio is going to be screwed right
remember it's the main stress hormone
testosterone is about reproduction
whereas CTO is about survival right and
the two things always compete so make
sure you manage stress and that's both
mental stress and physical stress mental
and when I say stress I'm talking about
chronic stress not acute stress right
acute stress is fine acute stress is
shortterm like lifting weights that's
acute stress good for you running that's
acute stress good for you uh competing
approaching a girl you know uh even
clapping cheeks that's aute stress
that's good for you chronic stress is
bad right so for example chronic mental
stress would be uh worrying about baales
too much or worrying about an upcoming
project or you know I'm a family man so
I'm always worrying about the the safety
of my family and all those things that's
bad right that's actually terrible for
your testosterone another example of uh
chronic physical stress would be like
being sick inflammation alcohol uh
smoking you know all of those things
will tank your tea levels and your net
Androgen status as well as your DHT and
all that stuff right so make sure you
manage stress that is crucial next we
have sleep that is in Gold tier that is
mandatory there's no way around it you
have to get at least 7 to n hours of
sleep the more the better of course
there are some exceptions there are some
people out there who could thriving less
than that but they are the exception to
the rule it is not you [ __ ] you
need at least 7 to n hours of sleep
right the more the better if you could
fit in a nap go for it the lucky guys
out there who can actually nap take it
and it's not just duration it is also
quality of sleep meaning make sure you
go to bed around the same time right you
don't want to mess up your secan Rhythm
I daily around 10 p.m. if you can uh and
also make sure that your sleep quality
is good make sure you're getting those
REM sleep cycles right because that's
when tea levels actually that's when
testone is mostly produced lutenizing
hormone amplitude all that you know all
the nerdy stuff so make sure you're
getting enough sleep and enough quality
sleep if you have sleep apnea get that
fixed because that will tank your tea
levels if you go to sleep at random
times get that fixed if you're a knife
shift worker eventually your body will
try to adapt but it's not optimal right
mandatory you cannot optimize sea levels
without
sleep next we have steak again starting
with the letter s now that does not just
mean steak that means fatty animal
proteins right steak eggs salmon
mackerel uh you know all the fatty fish
um oysters you know it has omega-3 so
any fatty animal protein that is high
quality make sure you buy my ebook where
it's called a testone diet uh where I go
through every all the foods that are
scientifically proven to increase
testosterone I should say supported uh
by the literature um if you can't afford
it just get the free
guide uh yeah so steak make sure you
have a diet that is full of
foods that fall in the steak category
right I'm just saying steak because it's
easy to memorize but it really means red
meat it could be steak it could be pork
oh yeah the Muslims are going to attack
me [ __ ] off yes it could be pork um it
could be uh like i s mentioned eggs uh
milk right milk is you know cans the
fatty protein could be lamb could be
bison um any any fatty meat right as
long as it has uh as long as it's a
micronutrient dense right you're going
to get your zinc you're going to get
your cartine you're going to get your
copper you're going to get your selenium
uh you're going to get your saturated
fat your cholesterol remember testone is
made from cholesterol everything is
going to be in there right it's one of
the best things you could eat now don't
take it to the extreme right everything
that I mentioned here follows an
inverted U curve right everything here
if done to the extreme will actually do
the opposite so don't don't join the
carnival hype it's nonsense guys I think
I should make a video debunk in that
nonsense the carnival that is so
overhyped see this is why science gets a
bad R because science will show that
something works and people would just
take it out of context right and you
find that why in a minute you need
carbohydrates especially if you active
but Megan carbohydrates are not
essential stop regurgitating everything
you hear something not being essential
doesn't mean it's not good for you right
[ __ ] is not an essential nutrient
obviously has benefits right H you guys
just think just think for once brings me
to the last one which is
in mandatory tier and that one is sweets
what I mean by sweets that's any plant
food right so this is where you you got
to find balance right the carnivores go
too far to one side the vegans go to far
to one side you need both so sweet
stands for any plant food that is high
in
micronutrients right potatoes
quinoa um obviously uh fruits um and
also plant der you know the plant
derivatives right so even honey is in
there even though technically honey is
not a you know it's not a u it's not a
plant but you guys know what I mean the
bees they get it from the nectar and all
that stuff so honey any any sweet right
so that's plant derived foods and even
fats right so avocados mono unsaturated
fats I'm just using the word sweets
because for the most part they taste
sweet right depend on how you cook them
H so make sure you're getting enough
carbohydrates not just in quantity but
also in quality why why do we need
plants simple
antioxidants antioxidants antioxidants
antioxidants remember I said earlier
about how uh inflammation is one of the
biggest killers of testosterone well
guess what lowers inflammation
antioxidants guess what foods what food
sources are highest in antioxidants
plant foods of course you can get some
antioxidants from uh you know meat but
you're going to be deficient in vitamin
C you're going to be deficient in boron
it's going to be hard to get vitamin E
it's going to be hard to get enough
potassium I could go on and on right it
is very hard to get all your nutrients
from uh just um meat meat sources even
if people will tell you I'm on the
Carnival that and I'm fine one they're
on trt a lot of them on trt two the ones
who are not on trt they're supplementing
with stuff that comes from plant Foods
it drives me insane how can you say I'm
on a Carnival diet but you're
supplementing with [ __ ] that comes from
Plants you're not on a Carnival diet
[ __ ] you're on the omnivore diet right
same thing with vegans I'm on a vegan
diet that's all I need is is plant foods
but in the supplement with B12 you know
and a bunch of other stuff and even
creatine a bunch of stuff that comes
from animal sources I can't stand those
people everyone wants to be extreme
because that's how you go viral and
that's how you make money right but they
don't care about giving you guys actual
correct information if you look at
randomized control trials people who eat
a combination of animal products and
plant foods are healthier live longer
right look at athletes look what
athletes eat if the carnival diet was
extreme athletes who spend 99.9% of the
life trying to optimize performance
strength speed V2 Max whatever would be
on the Carnival diet they're not because
the ones who do except for the tiny tiny
exception the ones who do get smoked
same thing with vegans oh oh I know I
know a strong man who's vegan yeah how
many of them though stop picking
outliers and using it to
generalize okay there's a reason why you
want to find a diet that works look at
what athletes eat because atlast are the
peak the Pinnacle of human performance
they know what works they've spent their
entire lives hiring they spend millions
of dollars hiring experts that test
things that you don't test they they
hook up a bunch of wires to their heart
their brains they do everything to
optimize performance to get an extra
0.01% boost so don't you think those
people right who spend entire life
looking for the best diet the best
methods will be following your stupid
ass recommendation see retention this
vegan diet this Carnival this it's all
nonsense guys do what has worked for
generations and what is also backed up
by the scientific literature so make
sure you eat your carbs right else your
shbg is going to be too high your
inflammation is going to be
high right not to mention your cortisol
is going to be high after training right
Studies have shown that over and over
again another another benefit of
carbohydrases they are the number one
not number two not number three the
number one source for replenishing
glycogen you could do it eventually
without cause but it's going to take a
long time and it's going to require an
increase in cortisol which is catabolic
right so anyway again like I said I
should make a a separate video
explaining why each commandment is
important but these are the top 10 most
important tone Commandments in order to
maximize the stone production and also
net Androgen status so your DHT your
DHEA your DHE sufate and also to lower
your cortisol your estral put it back in
range balance your SBG blah blah blah
that's that's what I mean when I said
that Androgen status it's the ratio
between your androgens and your anti-
androgens right so if something is wrong
with your life your T levels come back
too low look at this list right look at
this list and see what you're doing
wrong on a daily basis all right guys
hope this video helps them out don't
forget to join the school community
