hey guys going on Vigenere run away to
the gym head out to work quick video on
the whistle loaded my staff basically
questions in the comment section and a
name box my guys comment section or
don't inbox me video courses agent only
invites me personal questions that you
don't know the people know but kind of
like if you going to some person to
think
okay you want advice someone but as for
video questions in a car
yes Nicholas a little doesn't love my
stand I mean it's not anything special
about it does it it's just a frequency
because
now I need the total weekly volume
entire but the frequency dosa lalala and
why so treat something retraining and
obviously that keeps levels of my stand
down now for the the O subscribers
normal - that is the new guys just watch
my videos on the topic pretty much my
stat the montage then you have the
lesser priced at is a negative muscle
it's a mus inhibitor I said muscle
growth inhibitor it lowers muscle growth
right it's a protein and if you look at
the animals that are my stand efficient
you'll notice that obviously without
training without anything special what
how progressive overload without all the
stuff that we throw out there to have a
lot of muscle mass you know they look
like they're on steroids and they have
normal testosterone levels you know so
it's not there of the hormones it is my
style and I'm if he does about that
explaining how your muscles are always
trying to grow it guys it's what do you
understand your muscles are always
trying to grow when you go to the gym
you don't go to the gym so increase
muscle growth no you
a protein breakdown because your muscles
are always on the grow no matter what
you're doing it's just that the protein
breakdown thanks Lexi I'll be at the
same level as the protein synthesis
right see buddy
building muscle always but it's also
breaking down right energy purpose
things like that when you go to the gym
yes you increase both seats and it's
dissipate but really the vacatur that
almost everyone misses my daughter's gym
you drastically lower protein breakdown
right so if you be sure to lose about
10% when your protein breakdown goes
down by like 30 you're saying you're
gonna put a lot of [ __ ] muscle right
stop thinking just protein sentences
your protein sentences are your protein
building your muscle building things all
about 20% but if you're poaching break
down what about 50 it's worth
you had a negative not to the balance
right so what movie matters is the
difference between break down and
sentences and that's what my Stanko can
be good I said you know is one of the
biggest contributors to muscle loss as
you get older you lose a lot of muscle
wide which is myostatin levels increase
when astronauts go out of space and they
come back and they're all like frail
analytics on a muscle mass flappers when
you check their blood constant they have
higher levels of my static when you get
injured and you put your arm in a cast
or your leg in the cast its strength
after you take up the cast in a few
weeks or months if you check that leg
you notice that it has a lot more my
style
all right so my stand is the most all
right just eat your [ __ ] away right and
obviously different things that
increasing outside obviously now using
the muscle frequently because increases
by stan cortisol if you call the slow
levels are way too high chronically
elevated that's gonna increase monster
so make sure you're not too stressed all
the time I was trust eating enough
actually be enough so
yes increasing all those other anabolic
factors correlation increases father
Stanton which is the enemy of Martha and
blah blah blah
I'm not going to the science unless you
want a specific video either in Iraq but
so the more frequently you train right
marched and is a brief reduction right
he must then levels plummet in fact
quite after workout if you've been
training for long time
you're my standard levels drop for about
12 hours right after 12 hours it starts
to go back up
[ __ ] so that's also why if you
notice trained athlete or trained you
know man or woman
you notice that after a while you're not
getting as many games from the same
workouts that used to give you great
results back in the days you know
obviously a certain soul and things like
that maybe it is about that but it's so
so much then and you know the longer
you've been training like a beginner
we'll go to the gym and then Marston
levels will stay low for a long time you
know allows them to put on a lot of
muscle mass quicker but obviously the
longer you've been training the more
muscle you have your body's like nah no
I can't let you keep getting that bag
because actually for energy purposes and
especially if your caloric intake is
[ __ ] your body starts to increase my
Stein production so now instead of you
going to the gym and lowering my stand
for days now you go to the gym mousedown
only goes down for about 12 hours you
know some people 24 hours must really
run at 12 hour mark where you know the
t3 speech so that's when luckily so look
I'm saying you know remember when Lucas
what are you hitting that muscle every
single day you know you're not going
balls to the deep heavy because you
don't want to burn out your your nervous
system especially your sympathetic
nervous system but you're stimulating
the muscle enough to lower my stack
that's the beauty and that's why you're
able to put on so much muscle mass you
know without lifting stupid heavy
because you know you're not burning
you're not burning since nervous system
out but at the same time you're
exhausting those muscle fibers you're
recruiting as many more units as
possible and you lowering my you know my
stand then you go back the next day
again and again so you constantly
keeping my stand low which allows you
settle myself so I'm you see proliferate
and all that stuff and eventually when
you take a break and go back to the gym
you guys know how it works boom muscles
come on
so nuclear civil Oh does to answer your
question yes Michael does more my style
and just like any other training method
that how's your training frequently no
so remember you don't wanna do all that
father you mean all in one day you don't
want to do like 40 sets in one day and
think came on my standing level is gonna
be low for the next four days it doesn't
work like that you know my body works a
negative feedback so there's a threshold
where if you do more volume than it's
necessary on it on that day you're still
getting that same decrease in my
standing for about 12 to 24 hours so
let's all you want to really pace
yourself and just you know cause the
drop come back and do it all over again
so that's why if you look at all these
new colors over those stories you know
the Johnny Jackson tribes the the guys
from Thailand
you know the ballerinas and the Cavs the
Olympic lifters and the help of backs
you know Ola story I mean all the
mucosal little stories that I made go
back and watch the marathon you notice
you see that same pattern you know of
doing it every day and what they were
doing subconsciously was they were
constantly lowering protein breakdown or
constantly lowering my stand you know
flares are the most dormant that much
faster so keep that in mind guys lucas
oil does norm understand just like blood
floor
local news and training if done
frequently anything like that all right
so if you got any more questions coming
below in the comment section not in the
handbags or that's like the comment
section first if you want me to answer
that in the comments you can just type
it up if you want to answer in the video
right feed your question all right hope
that helps guys - duty offered ominous
discipline direction
you
