here so this question is on how do what
a what are the most efficient ways to
maximize testone production if you've
been watching my my my channel a lot I
talk a lot a lot about testosterone I
mean almost every week I make a read on
testosterone right it is crucial right
not just for hypertrophy and fat loss
and things like that but for your state
of mind you know for you for you to feel
especially as a young man you know for
you to keep that fire that drive that
you know that that aggression that you
know all the things that really are
going to propel you to the next level
right um and I I always talk about
different things you could do and I know
it's very tough to find a very condensed
list because there is so much advice on
the internet on how to increase
testosterone but I've studied it for so
long especially back in 2013 that I can
tell you guys through all and eror
through working with people you know um
and and seeing uh you know what works
and what does it and things like that
focus on these top five things that I'm
about to list here top five things right
and I I really believe these are the
most important in terms of what gives
you the the most results in the shortest
amount of time right because I mean
again there's like over 100 things you
can [ __ ] do who has time for that
[ __ ] right number
one it's calories you have to eat enough
food guys you have to eat enough food
that's why I'm not a big fan of cutting
calories too low especially when you're
going on the cut and things like that
I'm not a big fan of that because a lot
of the times people come back with you
know homeown issues like oh my my
testosterone is too low blah BL blah
don't cut your calories too low guys
remember when you cut your calories too
low you [ __ ] up your thyroid levels
right when your T3 is [ __ ] up
everything slows down when everything
slows down your body only focuses on
Survival I always talk about the two
tanks that your body has your body has
two tanks the first tank is survival
that's everything that's going to keep
you alive right like the BMR tank right
you know if you want a coma things like
that the second one is the bonus [ __ ]
muscle mass you know hair nails strength
you know uh testosterone things like
that right that second tank only your
body begins to put energy money
investments into that tank only when the
first tank is optimized right at least
close you know close to F so that's what
again that's what when you're sick or
you know you undernourished your body
doesn't give a [ __ ] about your muscles
it doesn't give a [ __ ] about your mood
or whatever it just wants to keep you
alive so if you cut into that first tank
which is the most important one don't
expect to maximize the second one right
you got to know the difference on how
your body spends it's kind of like you
when you're spending money right say you
broke and you don't have enough money to
pay your BS for at the end of the month
you really think you're going to go out
and eat sushi or you really think you're
going to go out and try to buy video
games at Gamestop no right well if
you're normal person that's how your
body feels right so make sure you're not
cutting cavies too low and you're not
[ __ ] up your thyroid right right um
and your leapin level so that's number
one the second so that's the most
important right the second thing is
sleep it's sleep guys you got to [ __ ]
sleep I don't understand how you can
sleep now I know I'm not a good example
because you know I sleep like four or
five hours a day but I also [ __ ] took
a big hit my tea levels dropped like a
[ __ ] you know because of the
whole four five hour sleep [ __ ]
right so I really got to optimize that
so you got to optimize your sleep try to
get at least 8 to 10 hours when I say at
least eight people think okay eight no I
said at least eight that means worst
case scenario you're getting eight if
you could get 10 get 10 if you could nap
during the day nap you know so try to
sleep guys your testosterone levels are
going to thank you for it and don't
forget your testosterone is produced at
night anyway you know so why not uh the
third thing is cortisol you got to lower
your cortisol you have to lower your
cortisol guys because again you guys
know not only cortisol [ __ ] up with
your your thyroid levels right turns T3
into reverse T3 which is terrible for
your body but um cortisol also compet
with testosterone so when your cortisol
is too high chronically too high
testosterone goes you know goes down so
lower all the things that that you know
that increase stress try to find ways to
relieve stress you know smash more beat
your meat if you have to go to the
[ __ ] gym do something that's going to
make you feel better you know what I
mean um and again don't don't forget to
eat carbs people forget that oh I want
to cut my car you cut your carbs too low
your Coro is going to be high that's a
fact right so find a way again to cycle
your CS where you also getting it even
if you're the keto diet you know so
that's three right you gotta take you
know take care of C of
Soul um so what did I say so sleep yeah
calories sleep C Soul uh number four is
your social status you got to increase
your Social Status you got to compete I
mean this is a fact you to some level
always go through the roof when increase
your Social Status when somebody
graduates from high school or graduates
from college or gets a degree or gets a
promotion or you know you know becomes a
leader whatever their tea levels go up
and this is a fact this is not science
it's been tested several times you know
somebody wins a fight you know a boxing
fight or a street fight or whatever you
know when your team wins the game
anything that involves competition
increases your testosterone levels you
know which makes sense from an
evolutionary perspective when you win
you claim you have the claim to the
women you have to claim to the resources
so your tea levels go up you know you
get bigger stronger because now you got
to protect your territory and now the
women are more attracted to you right so
you got
to you got to put you know things into
perspective you know you can't just be a
[ __ ] your whole life and expect to have
high tea levels right that's also why
people that live in poor places where
they're constantly competing have higher
tea levels than people who are in the
back somewhere just chilling you know so
uh increase your social status or expose
yourself to competition you know and
last but not least is your body fat
decrease your body fat I keep telling
you guys my goal is to be the biggest
[ __ ] naturally right as big as I
could be not not the biggest but as big
as I could be naturally I want to be
huge deaths huge traps huge arms
whatever right that's one of my side
goals of course not my top goal and the
only reason why I keep taking these mini
cut where because right now I'm still
around 220 the reason why I keep going
everyone like why you go back to 2 210
back to 220 210 back to 225 is because I
can't let them body fat get to our hand
remember I'm 142 pounds that's my frame
before I started all this I was 142
pounds went to 160 eventually all the
way up to 220 in a very short amount of
time you know again cuz I find out what
works but I I can't put on at 220 the
moment I put on five pounds on 220 my
skinny fat genetics kick in so I have to
constantly cut because I know that my
body fat gets out of hand it's going to
[ __ ] up my tea levels remember the more
body fat you have the more aromatase you
have aromatase the enzyme if you watch
my videos that turns testosterone into
estrogen so if you have too much body
fat you have too much Aroma taste too
much Aroma taste a lot of your
testosterone is going to be converted
into estrogen which is already bad
because don't forget 98% of your
testosterone is not even active
all the the the effects of testosterone
that you're experiencing right now
that's only 2% of your entire body's
testosterone that's doing that [ __ ] your
hair your voice your shoulders the
things that separate you from a woman
that's only 2% of your body's
testosterone free testosterone right so
why would you want part of that to
become estrogen right so that's the only
reason why I keep if it wasn't up to
that I would [ __ ] be as heavy as I
could be right now you know but because
of that I have to constantly stay within
the 220 225 range cut to 2 10 come back
up on and on to try to keep the fat up
so keep that in mind if your body fat is
too high you know go on a mini cut I
don't recommend a long cut you guys know
this channel my goal is not to be
shredded I've done that not shredded but
lean I I've done that I lived those days
and it wasn't [ __ ] fun if if that
should go fine but you know for those of
you guys that are trying to pack on
muscle size try not to be you know try
not to get too [ __ ] fat all right so
these are the top five most important
things once you got those top five out
of the way you can focus on the
supplements and the [ __ ] little
things left and right you know but
that's where your your primary focus
should be improve your sleep your your
your calories lower cortisol lower your
your body fat and compete compete raise
your social status hope that helps
comment your questions below uh share
your experiences in the comment section
help each other out as always subscribe
if you're new like the video if you [ __ ]
with ch 3D th Direction I'm out of here
a
