if you ever struggle with motivation
discipline procrastination and in some
instances depression and you want to
understand the genetic reasoning behind
it this is one of the best videos you
will ever watch
hey what's going on megan here let's get
straight to it let's talk about the
warrior gene there are three types of
people in this world based on the
genetics that you inherited from your
father and your mother you have the
warriors people that have the warrior
gene and don't worry i'm gonna explain
later on the details people that have
the warrior gene and obviously those who
are in between since you obviously
inherit two copies of each gene from
your parents the warrior gene meaning
you inherited a g allele of the c-o-m-t
rs-4680 polymorphism and the warrior
gene meaning you inherited the a allele
you know where i'm going to go over all
the sciency [ __ ] later on in uh in
future videos but for the sake of
keeping this one as short and simple as
possible just know that you either have
gg meaning you inherited the warrior
alleles from both your mom and your dad
you have a a meaning you inherited a
from your father and a from your mom or
you somewhere in between so you got the
a from your mom or dad and obviously the
g from the other parent now
understanding how this gene
affects your everyday life and even your
success is crucial so let's talk about
the warrior gene first and let's look at
the main differences under normal
conditions meaning there's no stress at
baseline people that have the warrior
gene are naturally lazy right so they
have issues with discipline they have
issues with motivation they have a hard
time focusing when it comes to learning
studying in school reading right so they
have a lot of cognitive impairments as
far as learning and memory goes and
there are chronic procrastinators right
they tend to wait until the last minute
to do everything now you might think
well why is this called the warrior gene
then right well under stressful
conditions right so
very high pressure when the deadline
approaches when the paper is due the
next day or the next week when it's the
fourth quarter that's where they come
alive right so number one they have
lower paying threshold so they can
actually tolerate a lot of pain far more
than the average person
and they actually like i mentioned
earlier they come alive during stress
right so
when stressful situations arise these
are the people who actually rise to the
top they love it their welcome stress
right that's why they wait until the
last minute to do everything right
subconsciously of course because that
deadline that approaching that line
increases their stress and obviously
increases the crap out of the dopamine
levels the noradrenaline and if you've
been watching my videos for the last 10
years you should already know all the
interaction between dopamine and
motivation and things like that but long
story short this is what people with the
warrior dream have on average under
normal conditions
they're actually lazy they procrastinate
a lot and they have a hard time learning
and focusing but under stressful
conditions they literally turn super
saiyan now let's look at people with the
warrior gene
it's the complete opposite under normal
conditions
they have a ton of energy a ton of
motivation right
they are very good at school very good
at learning very good at doing things
before the deadline very good at
cognitive tasks and of course they own
this [ __ ] right they do not
procrastinate they're the guys back in
college in high school that when the
assignment is doing three months they
get started right away these are the
guys that are always on time these are
the guys that are always on schedule
they have everything planned out again
under normal conditions there are the
kings right very high dopamine levels at
baseline which obviously conversely no
adrenaline but here's where everything
flips upside down under stressful
conditions it's the complete opposite
they have lower pain tolerance right and
then in many cases it's not even under
stressful condition even under normal
conditions they tend to have lower pain
tolerance and they completely break down
under stress they cannot focus pretty
much everything that i mentioned up here
becomes
reversed under stressful conditions they
have a hard time focusing they have a
hard time handling stress and in fact
that's one of the main reasons why they
get all their assignments done on time
and ahead of time right because
approaching deadlines actually terrify
them and give them anxiety whereas
warriors approaching their lines
motivate the [ __ ] out of them right
which by the way to the last minute now
why is this important to know this to
know whether you gg or aaa or in between
because guys if you remember team 3d
alpha one of the things that i always
preach
which is at the cornerstone of what team
do the alpha means is finding the soil
that brings the best in you right that's
all i ever talk about like i always say
life is not about just working hard life
is about putting yourself in a situation
where your hard work is more rewarded
than the next [ __ ] right so it's all
about finding the soil the environments
that bring out the best in you for
example if you have the warrior dream
and you obviously don't want to be in a
situation where there's too much comfort
right if there's too much comfort around
you there's no stress there's no
deadlines
you gonna procrastinate you're gonna
have issues with motivation and you're
gonna underperform meanwhile if you put
yourself in a situation where believe it
or not as bad as it sounds right if you
put yourself in a situation where you're
surrounded by deadline you're surrounded
by stress you're surrounded by people
who hold you accountable that's going to
bring out the best in you that's the
soil that's going to help you emerge
right same thing if you have the warrior
gene then it's complete opposite right
you don't want to put yourself in
scenarios where you're constantly
stressed out right because then you will
underperform and you would think oh i'm
a failure in life i'm not going anywhere
no you're just in the wrong environment
right guys remember genetics is crucial
the understanding between genetics and
environment is everything in life right
meanwhile you take a person with the
warrior dream and you put them in a
situation where there's no stress normal
conditions everything is that baseline
and that outperform everybody so this is
what i mean when i say by the way watch
my video on the genetics of success
right this is what i mean when i say
always put yourself in an environment
that brings out the best in you the best
in your genetics learn to leverage that
i'm going to make another video and
explain the science behind it and you
know the dopamine and comp interactions
and blah blah but without making this
video too long find out whether you are
a warrior or warrior both have their
pros and cons and of course there are a
lot more gene interactions it's never
just one gene that does everything i
mean we have to talk about dopamine
receptors we're going to talk about cmt
mla but again i can't fit all that into
one video so stay tuned for the next
series but find out where you lie you
don't have to do a genetic uh test right
you can if you have the money but you
can just look at your life right do the
soft master quiz analyze your life right
and figure out which of these two
categories you fall into or if you want
if you can afford it then
do a test and by the way i'm not
sponsored by any of these genetic
companies so i get nothing from this
anyway i hope the video helps see you in
the comments section and don't forget to
join the reddit where we have a lot more
of these conversations all right guys
don't forget to like or share the video
subscribe and hit the bell and buy my
hsp nucleus of a little training program
it's the ultimate program for maximum
muscle growth it includes full body
workout splits bro splits push-pull home
workouts you name it also comes with a
complete guide for macros nutrition fat
loss muscle growth hormones including a
meal plan it's pretty much all my 16
years of experience
condensed into one [ __ ] book you're
also gonna get free copies of any future
edition so visit team3d alpha.com and
you can use the 40 off coupon code
nucleus overload or you could just buy
this [ __ ] at full price all right guys
i'm out of here
