hey guys going on Megan here all right
how to lower cortisol the main stress
hormone you guys know doesn't matter how
high your testosterone is if your
cortisol levels are also High then all
that testosterone means nothing so and
you should know by now what cortisol
does it increases body fat it lowers
muscle mass it increases
myostatin uh it messes up your memory
your cognitive function it is one of the
worst hormones out there if it's too
elevated obviously we need it to survive
but if it's too elevated in it's SP so
here's the till list of all of the
things that lower or even increase
cortisol so if something lowers cortisol
I'm going to put it here if it destroys
I want to put it up here if it actually
increases it here and obviously if I put
something in cortisol maxing that means
you're getting the opposite effect
you're actually increasing your cortisol
all right let's get to it I'm going to
pick him at random as usual all right so
having extra body fat excess belly fat
being more than 20% body fat the closer
you are above 20 the worst to gets right
so that is cortisol maxing right if your
body fat is too high long story short I
don't want to bore you with the
mechanisms but you're going to have way
too much inflammation and inflammation
obviously leads to increases in cortisol
so if you want to lower your stress and
you also want to lower your cortisol
levels you got to lose body fat guys
especially if it's excessive uh next we
have coffee coffee SL caffeine now this
one is uh you know it's kind of mixed
I'm going to put it at me why is it down
here simple because even though coffee
can increase cortisol caffeine as well
it also has uh antioxidant properties
especially if you're taking coffee as
opposed to just pure caffeine and it can
also increase testosterone and lower
estrad the main estrogen so you kind of
get you know a net effect here of zero
depending on which hormone you know goes
up more than the other so some people
drink coffee or take caffeine and they
get a higher increase in testone and
they do get an increase in cortisol
whereas some others get the opposite
where they get a small increase in
testosterone but a huge increase in
cortisol so it really depends on your
genetics and how your body responds to
it so I'm going to put it right there in
the middle of course inverted urve
applies if you take way too much
caffeine then you're going to get a
significant disproportionate increase in
cortisol all right next we have comedy
that destroys cortisol you know I've
been telling you guys over and over
again if you high stress you got to find
ways to relax find ways to laugh it's
very hard to laugh meaning watch
something funny or even laugh for
friends and have high cortisol it's the
body doesn't work like that right you
either stress in f a flight mode or you
relaxing in parasympathetic nervous
system mod so use comedy it's one of the
best things you have to lower stress uh
I could be stressed out out of my mind
and you showed me a funny video and boom
you know C so goes down so uh next learn
how to defend yourself right get a gun
and I'm not talking about just fighting
I'm talking about self-defense it could
be a weapon it could be I don't care if
it's a taser I don't care if it's pepper
spray have means of Def defending
yourself because most people don't know
this but a a big root cause of high
stress uh in men and in women and also
in animals is just being helpless being
helpless in the world not being able to
defend yourself knowing that at any
moment somebody can just change the
course of your entire life you know
because you were too weak to defend
yourself that's definitely uh going to
give you high anxiety and high stress
levels in fact that's one of the main
reasons why women are most stressed men
based on Research is simply because of
inability to defend themselves in most
cases so uh it's going to lower gotool
being able to defend yourself and I'm
not talking about just fighting I'm
talking about just having a weapon right
um because it doesn't matter how good
you are at fighting um five people pull
up on you uh you know unless you drn
Jones you screwed okay next drinking
enough water that lowers cortisol
obviously a lot of you guys are
dehydrated and if you dehydrated your
testosterone and cortisol ratio is going
to be screwed um and which makes sense
right so make sure you're fully hydrated
that's going to lower your cortisol
levels next inflammation anything that
increases inflammation you are cortisol
maxing and in fact that's one of the
reasons why excess body fat increases
stress in cortisol um not just from the
psychological effects on your
self-esteem but just from increasing
inflammatory cocine so anything that
increases inflammation is going to
eventually lead to an increase in C so
especially if it's chronic inflammation
acute inflammation is fine you know you
can't avoid it even training is going to
acutely increase inflammation in that
case it's actually good but chronic bad
next we have a bust in a nut you guys
already know that destroys ctis Soul now
there's an exception if you're one of
these idiots who still believes that
ejaculating is bad and you got to retain
your SE or whatever then it's the actual
opposite effect yes people that think
that ejaculating is bad get an increase
in cortisol uh which makes sense because
they're anxious you know they were they
were [ __ ] misled and light to
Meanwhile people that know that
ejaculation is normal um don't don't
have that effect they don't get an
increase in cortisol uh from ejaculating
so one of the best things you could do
to D destroy your stress it's to bust
nuts right obviously ideally it should
be in a woman but if you can't find ways
to relieve yourself uh next boosting
testosterone obviously that's going to
destroy cortisol mainly because uh
testosterone and cortisol compete for a
lot of binding sites on DNA and also
carryer protein so increasing your
testosterone increasing your net
Androgen status is going to lower
cortisol signaling it might not lower
cortisol levels but it's going to lower
cortisol signaling which are two
different things so definitely increase
your testosterone get my testosterone
diet ebook if you can't afford it get
the free version get my free guide uh
the link should be in the description um
and also join the school Community where
we just share taso maxing stuff all day
long all right um let's go next one
exercise right going for runs you know
not overdoing it but just exercising
that's going to lower cortisol a ton of
studies on this it's also going to lower
inflammation which is going to lead to a
reduction in cortisol so one of the
number one ways you can lower your
stress and your cortisol levels is to
Simply exercise right go for runs Spar
you know hike Sprint whatever just keep
your body moving don't don't be
sedentary uh just don't overdo it right
there anver youer to everything I know
you guys are tired of hearing this but I
have to keep repeating it because you
guys love to overdo things balance is
key okay so next meditation right I'm
going to put that lowest cortisol
depending on the person some people you
know meditate and still have high
anxiety whereas some get huge benefits
of meditation but I believe every man
should meditate every day at least 2 to
5 minutes a day so that's definitely
going to lower C us all uh next going
out in nature right get out of your
[ __ ] house right oh my goodness I
can't stand it you guys are home all day
and it's nuking you and nerfing you in
every way you could think about go
outside go out in nature go out meet
people it's going to do wonders for your
cter so obviously in the beginning you
might be a little stressed out if you a
freaking hermit but over time your mcdal
is going to adjust and uh your body will
be fine next chewing gum chewing gum
actually lowers cortisol it traes your
body into thinking you're eating and
obviously eating is uh is an activity
that lowers cortisol depending on what
you eat of course next we have taking
frequent cold showers that is also good
for managing stress simply because at
first you're going to get this increase
in cortisol and sympathetic nervous
system drive but over time your body's
going to be better at processing uh
stress so taking frequent cold showers I
believe in you can go shows every
morning uh you don't have to overdo it
of course you know just uh few seconds
to a few minutes there it's fine uh next
you have uh toxic chemicals cortisol
maxing anything that's a toxin anything
that's toxic to your body is obviously
going to increase cortisol right Soo
avoid toxins like the plague next
drinking alcohol cortisol maxing for
obvious reasons it's a poison it's
destroying your body it's destroying
your liver you know a lot of you guys
are cortisol maxing all day because for
some reason you want to be cool and
drink stop drinking um next you have
getting enough sunlight that lowers
cortisol sunlight both in the morning
through your eyes and on your skin watch
my long video on sunlight where I go
into the details get plenty of sunlight
not just for vitamin D right so taking
vitamin D is not enough to get all the
benefits that you get from the sun right
it's just one pathway next uh being too
lean being too shredded you are cortisol
maxing yes being way insuline is going
to not only lower your to Stone but
increase your cortisol unless you
obviously enhanced um which is a
different story next fasting for too
long actually increases cortisol
contrary to what people think people
think oh fasting increases growth
hormone yeah but it doesn't increase
adf1 so that's useless second going too
long without food makes your body have
to increase uh glucose production and
how does it do it by increasing cortisol
so fasting even though it's a good tool
that I use from time to time with my
clients depending on what they're
dealing with if they inflamed or if they
want to control the appetites for the
most part it's not something that's good
for you because think about it you're
already fasting during sleep so adding
another fasting wind on top of that is
detrimental and that increases cortisol
there are some exceptions but you know
again for the most part fasting for too
long increases cortisol and this is well
researched next you have playing
competitive video games believe it or
not that actually increases cortisol
right cuz your body goes into F flight
mode now if you're playing a relaxing
game then that's a different story right
uh let's see next we have Yoga Yoga
actually lowers cortisol for obvious
reasons next we have clapping cheeks
that destroys cortisol sex is one of the
number one cortisol uh reducing
activities out there in the beginning
you're going to have an acute spike in
cortisol of course that's part of the
natural process but once you bust that
glorious nut you're going to have a drop
massive massive drop in cortisol which
is one of the reason after ejaculating
man are sleepy they're ready to relax
right all your hormones rebalance your
pactin goes up which in that case is
actually a good thing your serotonin
goes up blah blah blah uh so one of the
best things you could do for Stress
Control is to have sex there is so much
research on this that you got to be an
idiot to still deny it all right next we
have breathing techniques right that
lower cortisol right obviously you got
to do the correct one there's a whole
bunch of breathing techniques out there
but you know don't over complicate get
it you know and for the main reason is
because it obviously you know activates
your parasympathetic nervous system next
listening to music lowest cortisol yeah
especially if it's relaxing music now if
it's aggressive music then it's the
opposite it's actually going to increase
cortisol but it's also going to increase
testosterone so uh depends on the ratio
next we have fixing your gut health that
destroys cortisol it's one of the most
important things you could do to lower
stress and cortisol levels is by fixing
your gut health uh obviously e pre
biotics postbiotics probiotics fiber
blah blah blah uh what's next what's
next what's next uh magnesium magnesium
lowest cortisol but again you should be
getting pain and magnesium through your
diet next we have sleeping good quality
sleep that destroys cortisol it's one of
the best things you could do uh to lower
cortisol watch my videos on sleep um uh
let's see next we have ashwagandha and
all the other herbs that uh have proven
effects on cortisol so the so these
These are kind of tricky right because
they lower cortisol but they also come
with a [ __ ] ton of side effects so you
got to be careful um it's a person to
person basis some people take ashwag
Ganda feel great some people take it and
they get the crazy side effects that
lose interest in life and blah blah blah
because remember you need some cortisol
right you don't want it to be too low in
vered you curve right so I'm going to
put stuff like ashro gun up here I'm not
going to put it higher than this because
of the side effects but you know I got
to be objective it has been shown over
and over again in animal and human
studies to lower
cortisol uh so be very careful with that
and make sure obviously you're getting
from a good source uh next we have and
no it's not this company I'm just
picking random
pictures let's see let's see uh next
journaling journaling I want to put that
in math right journaling some people
journal and get a decreasing cortisol
some people journal and get an
increasing cortisol because they see how
[ __ ] up their life is so I'm going to
put that right there in the middle works
great for some people some people get
zero benefit so I'm going to put it here
experiment smoking obviously increases
cortisol uh you should know this by now
next you have making money making money
destroys cortisol well actually want to
put in lower cortisol right because it
depends right having enough money can
obviously lower your cortisol because
most of the reason why people of stress
is simply because of financial issues uh
but I'm not going to put it higher
because the more money you have usually
you enter a realm where now you have
more problems than you have before right
so money doesn't fix all problems it
fixes a lot but it also makes to enter
new tears in society when now you're
dealing with new issues so I'm going to
put that up there but definitely making
more money is obviously going to lower
your stress Common Sense uh money makes
the world go around next we have having
a good circle of friends good friends
I'm not talking about fake friends good
friends that destroys cortisol and
unfortunately a lot of you guys hiding
under the I'm an introvert excuse don't
have that right find a community of
friends it's not going to cost you
anything make sure you have good friends
who actually actually care about your
well-being you know um watch the video I
think it's the New Year resolution
videos that I made where I explain how
to find good friends from Bad friends
cuz not everybody who calls yourself a
friend is a true friend a lot of those
[ __ ] just want you to stay
beneath them or at their level the
moment you you start to do bad on life
they try to pull you down right when I
say have a good community of friends
find friends that want you to surpass
them that's how you know if you have a
good friend if your friend wants you to
become better than him then that's a
good friend but if you have friends that
see you [ __ ] up and then they're like oh
yeah it's okay just relax you only live
once yeah run for your life don't forget
you the average of The Five People You
ain't got with that's not I know it's
cliche but it is one of the truest
statements out there all right next you
have excessive cardio that is cortisol
maxing excessive cardio doing way more
than your body's ability to recover
that's going to max out your cortisol
not
good uh let's see lifting waist believe
it or not lifting waight lowers cortisol
right right acutely you're going to get
an increase in cortisol as long as you e
you eat enough carbohydrates as long as
your glycogen stores are not depleted as
long as the war Gast session is not too
long and it's properly balanced over
time you will have a reduction in
cortisol in Baseline cortisol so it's
one of the best things you could do to
balance your cortisol levels not to
mention you're going to increase your n
Androgen status so that's also going to
help reducing cortisol
signaling uh next we have overtraining
right that's cortisol maxing right I
always tell you guys it's not really
over training is under recovering right
if you under recover then even one set
is going to spike your cortisol so it's
not about uh not training too hard it's
really about uh managing recovery well
so that you're not under recovered uh
and by the way use your hand GP strength
is a great measure of recovery
status uh next we have eating carbs
people don't know this but eating carbs
lowers cortisol that's one of the
reasons why if you go on a uh keto
carnivore diet and you train on top of
that you train hard you going to have
super high cortisol levels right because
your body's going to have to convert
protein and fats into glucose which
requires cortisol so make sure you're
eating a high carbohydrate diet
especially if you're very active now if
you're insulin resistant or you're very
sedentary you know then that's a
completely different story but
definitely eat a high cup diet do
callback loading to make sure that you
stay insulin
sensitive uh next you have going on
walks that lowest cortisol getting at
least 10,000 steps a day you know
improving over and over again to
modulate stress levels so go on walk
ideally Outdoors But If You Can Do It
Outdoors it's fine make sure you moving
next we have anything that increases
your parasympathetic nervous system
that's going to lower cortisol as well
learning to fight guys I've said this
over and over again every man should be
able to fight and that's actually going
to lower cortisol simply because you're
going to be less anxious walking around
knowing that you could defend yourself
so definitely learn to fight you know
MMA jiujitsu boxing whatever learn how
to defend yourself against at least one
or two assali trust me it's going to do
wonders for your anxiety you know
walking into a room and just knowing
that you safe knowing that most of the
time you're going to be the winner in
know in a random fight trust me it's
going to give you confidence that will
just ooze out of your pores uh next we
have uh last but not least we have
eating a balanced diet such as Myas diet
by the way Shamus plug destroys cortisol
one of the best things you can do for
your stress and cortisol levels is diet
diet diet eat healthy Foods
micronutrient dense foods uh if you need
detail watch my videos on there all
right that's it guys join the school
Community buy the ebucks I'm out
