going on Megan here quick video on uh
one of the questions that I get the most
looking through my inbox is Megan what
is the best diet right what is the best
di for muscle building what is the best
di for fat loss and really the question
that you should ask is what is the best
diet for me right as far as whoever is
asking um and I made videos about this
in the past guys it doesn't matter how
good a diet is if you can't stick to it
it won't work I've tried every major
diet out there you guys know my story I
grew up skinny fat uh I was 142 pounds
in the in the prime of my life you know
as 18 17 years old 142 lbs skinny limbs
you know big belly all that stuff in
fact I got down to 142 when I was
fighting my whole life to lose my
stomach you know I wanted ABS so bad um
so I did a lot of extreme things to uh
to uh lose fat and eventually I was
skinny as hell 142 pounds and then I
started training long story short um you
guys know what happened if you've been
keeping up with the channel for a long
time but uh in the throughout this
journey I tried almost every D you could
think about you know even when I started
bodybuilding same thing you know I
started bodybuilding in July 201 11
before that I was just you know I was
lifting weights working out I wasn't
dieting I I didn't know anything about
nutrition um it's it's I got serious in
July 2011 that's when at that time I was
about
158 pounds I remember my very first
video I was 158 PBS and you know through
the years you know I eventually got my
six-pack got my abs at about 175 lbs you
know I started doing carback loading all
this stuff long story short I went up as
much as 228 right and obviously right
now I'm cutting down on some fat in
order to keep bulking because my goal is
obviously to be big as hell you know
everybody knows me by now my goal is not
to be lean I I was lean for as long as I
can remember it's one of those things in
life where when you reach your goal you
don't even care about it anymore I was
obsessed about abs and when I got abs I
was like you know what that's it now I
just want to be big as hell and that's
the journey that I'm still on cuz it's
extremely hard to put on muscle when you
used to be fat you know because every
time you eat more your you know your
stomach comes back and all that [ __ ] you
know the genetics the puffy cheeks long
story short I've tried every diet out
there uh so one thing I realized is it's
not as it's not about how good the diet
is it's how long you can stick to it
everybody knows this by now right um
cback loading is out of all the D that I
tried you guys heard me talk about
callback loading I love it absolutely
love it um it helped me you know put on
a lot of mask long with full body
workouts while minimizing the fat gain I
mean you don't go from 160 to over 200
PBS you know know in less than a year um
unless you know something is working you
know what I mean most people who try
that would just get fat as [ __ ] you know
a lot fatter than I got so I I you know
I tried all these diets and I realized
if you can't stick to something for a
long time it doesn't [ __ ] matter
because I tried I tried to put callback
loading I tried to put other people on
callback loading and that didn't get the
same results because they just couldn't
stick to it and I tried to put some
people on inim minuted fasting cuz I
also tried that they couldn't stick to
it got bad results so you can't really
judge a diet you know by you know the
results that you got if you didn't
follow it fully you know what I mean so
it's very important that the diet that
you pick is not only a good diet a good
eating program or whatever but something
you could actually stick to so anyway
let's get to the conclusion there goes
the decision Matrix that I use to decide
which diet is best for me you should use
the same you know for your situation and
it's very simple I normally use Excel to
make all my decisions I have a decision
Matrix template on Excel and I use it to
make every single decision you could
think about as long as it's important
it's very important to not let your
system one you know way of thinking make
those decisions use an objective system
like a decision Matrix so what I have
here on the left side I have the top
five diets out there b n right carback
loading or carb cycling carb night and a
minute fasting if acial macros you know
simply counter macros and then the keto
caveman paleo di whatever the [ __ ] you
want to call it right and at the top
right I have the criteria right and the
criteria is what what's going to decide
the winner in the end so the criteria
number one do you love cops for example
I Love Sushi I [ __ ] love sushi I
cannot live without Sushi is my favorite
food I just wish it wasn't that [ __ ]
expensive but I absolutely love sushi so
I have to put that into consideration
when I'm dieting right you don't want to
say oh I'm just going to pick the best
diet and I'm just going to try to just r
on my discipline discipline is really
important guys but if you got a busy
life like me or you got you just a busy
person in general you got a lot of [ __ ]
going on in your life save your
discipline for those things save your
discipline for the family you got to
take care of for the your your education
you know you know all those other things
try to save all your willpower for those
things you know what I mean don't try to
make things harder than they already are
you do everybody by now you should know
because I made videos about it and the
science you know mentions it all the
time Willow is limited you have the most
Willow in the morning and it goes down
as the day progresses so why would you
want to you know spin up all your world
power tokens and all these trivial
things you know just learn management
learn how to allocate your willp power
to what really matters so uh you know
make the diet easy the easier the diet
is the longer you stick to it so I love
sushi so if you notice here in blue I
have the criteria the weight of the
criteria right so my love for carbs is
my love for sushi is insane so I put a
five right on a scale of one to five I
put a five for love of CBS uh love of
fats do you love fats I love fats let's
let's use me as an example right this is
how I I decide which diet to stick to I
love fat I love cheese like a
[ __ ] right I'm sure you guys do
as well so that's second place I give it
the second highest weight which is a
four as you can see here next is uh your
love for protein do you love protein
right if you love to eat protein then
you obviously want a diet that allows
you to eat a lot of protein mind you all
these diets are amazing they work but
they have to be suited to your goals I
mean to your profile so me the next most
important thing for me is I love to
train that's me that's me right there I
know he looks like Vegeta but that's
I love to train I'm always in
hyperbiotic Time Chamber in fact I
overtrain a lot you know I I undereat
and I overtrain um I don't like to use
that word but you know what I mean I
train excessively because it's just my
way of decompressing it's my way of
getting you know rid of stress sometimes
I I I do it too much it's not good to
train when you're not eating enough and
I'm going to get to that later but
that's just to show you that uh that
that's also a factor to consider when
you decide on your diet right cuz if you
love to train you don't want to diet
that restricts your carbs right in the
beginning it's going to be very very
hard to train hard on low carbs until
your body you know obviously adapts so I
give that a three right next uh do you
love protein if you love protein like I
said earlier you know give it the
relative weight for me H I give it a two
I'm not a big protein eater as as much
as I know how important protein is for
body composition on all those things um
I for some reason I I'm not a big
protein eater I try so hard as I'm
talking to you guys right now I have my
protein shake that's still here I have
my meat that's still in my bowl in my
Tupperware I have such a hard time
eating protein don't know why you know I
work on it and last but not least do you
love to eat if you have a big appetite
you have to put that into consideration
when you decide to dieet me I give it a
one because if you know me by now I have
a horrible appetite horrible appetite a
lot of you guys are wondering well how
did you manage to put on all that weight
having such a bad appetite I used to
drink inore [ __ ] inore that's
sh is for [ __ ] cancer and HIV
patients you know just if you don't know
what insurance look it up but that's
what I had to do to try to get my
calories in when I was barking right
because I hate I have such a small
appetite I go Sushi don't get me wrong I
would eat sushi for days but my appetite
just is not good enough for somebody was
trying to put on muscle you know it's I
guess it's from older years of trying to
be lean and you know restricting my
calories but I didn't know any better
but um I have a very bad appetite in
fact that's one reason why my body puts
on fat I keep telling people watch my
video on how calor and calor is [ __ ]
because I put on fat even when I was
eating [ __ ] ass calories like 1,200
1300 calories a day and my body was
still putting on fat right simply
because like I said my genetics and the
fact that if you cut your calories low
for too long your body actually begins
to reverse and store those calories
whenever it gets the chance you know
your thyroid slows down your metabolism
slows down all that good [ __ ] um so yeah
so I give that a one right because I
don't love to eat I love to eat sushi
but I don't love to eat in general and
then you simply rank right those diets
based on each each criteria for example
car back loading carb night and minute
fasting ficial macros caveman when it
comes to somebody for somebody who loves
carbs five goes to to if ficial macros
because you can eat almost every [ __ ]
thing that you want as long as obviously
you know it's within your Macros right A
lot of people have done lot of people
got great results I I only done if
ficial macro was back in I think it's
was back in 2012 you know I couldn't
stick to it and you you know you figure
out why but it works for a lot of people
if you love carbs give thata five see
those numbers right here are actually
[ __ ] really [ __ ] accurate based on my
experience I give thata five the next
thing is car back loading or car cycling
if you love cars because you don't have
to count your Macros in car back loading
you can eat all the [ __ ] carbs you
want as as long as you obeying the C you
know the the guidelines of postwork ey
Cs and you good you it's one of the
reason why to stick to CBL for so long
cuz it allowed me to eat all the [ __ ]
Sushi I wanted and still stay lean until
I started [ __ ] it up you know I
started cheating and [ __ ] put on
weight and [ __ ] but that's a whole
different story uh next uh you don't in
green I put the the winner in red I put
the loser you don't want to do a caveman
paleo diet if you love Cobbs I'm sorry
guys you know it's no no just don't do
it right is it a great diet it's an
amazing diet I've tried it once again I
did it back in 2012 when I was
experiencing with different [ __ ] but if
you love carbs instead of [ __ ] away from
that diet right it's going to be too
hard to maintain you know once you build
the discipline then yes you can come
back and you know whatever but why would
you punish yourself so hard when there's
other Alternatives that will get you to
the same
destination all right when it comes to
the second column which is uh do you
love fats if you're a cheese eating
[ __ ] like me if you love fats
then you obviously want to do the
caveman that you know I put you know I
put a five here mind mind you this is
just the numbers eventually you got to
add up all the [ __ ] you know you got to
multiply the criteria by the you know
the ranking and then it gives you a
number blah blah blah and at the end you
add everything up if you want me to go
more in depth on how to use a decision
Matrix I got you it's pretty
self-explanatory but let's just keep
going so if you love fats you you know
you want to do a caveman diet you want
to do you know carb Knight but you want
to stay the [ __ ] away from if facial
macros because for some reason it's very
it's very hard to eat High fats on if
you f your Macros because you got to eat
high protein high carbs if you're
training all that stuff and it's very
easy to go over fats very easy to go
over fats you know so it's not the best
diet for somebody who loves fats um
second wor Enit of fasting simply
because you know you have such a small
window to eat so much all right next if
you love protein same thing do you love
protein if ficial macros for you right
because on most uh if ficial macro diets
you could eat up to 200 300 grams of
protein you should be fine right so I
give out to five the worst side if you
love protein is called backloading
because you're only eating protein in
you know you know the higher in the
earlier range of the day and after that
you just backloading on carbs when you
come back from the gym so I kind of give
that a two if you love to train if
ficial macros is for you right because
obviously you're eting those macros
every day high C high protein all that
stuff good but you know callback loading
same thing you love to train callback
loading is for you I love to train you
know I give it a three but I absolutely
love to train like I said earlier so I
give that a four a one it's a tie
between cight and the P you know the
ceman diet like I said earlier you love
to train stay away from those two diets
because obviously you're you know you're
going to be C depleted you're going to
feel like [ __ ] in the first few days you
know when your body's doing ketosis and
all that [ __ ] right you know and not
you're not going to perform as well as
somebody who's maxed out on his [ __ ]
glycogen Source if you love to eat you
have a big appetite callback loading is
for
you all right obviously I don't love to
eat but once again that's why you got to
add up all of these things it's just
that when you add them all up call back
loing ultimately was up there but if it
was just for this column cback loading
was not you know the best thing for me
cuz I I don't love to eat but if you
love to eat you will love cback loading
if you love to eat you would love carb
night because you know you could eat
protein fats and all that stuff pretty
much all day long you would love the
caveman diet if you love to eat because
most caveman diets you don't even got to
count your [ __ ] calories you just
[ __ ] eat you know I got a lot of
success on that as well as the people
that I worked you know worked with um
but if you love to eat stay the [ __ ]
away from INF official macros and
fasting why because you bound it on on
if a ficial macros you bound it by your
calories right and your Macros and on
ened fasting you have a small ass window
to eat mad food know if you love to eat
stay the [ __ ] away from that you know
from enim in fasting you know not to
mention the fact that you know fasting
is going to make it so that your F your
initial meal is not going to be fully
digested because of the fact that you
guys will know when you don't eat for a
long time you know stomach acid is
inhibited by glucagon and all that other
[ __ ] so you know put those numbers
in here those numbers if you want to
copy and paste this copy and paste it
don't change those numbers here right
don't change those right unless you see
something that you really want to fix
change the blue roll right here right
because this is based on your
personality this is based on you and
then when you multiply you know
everything here by the weight you know
for example four * 5 you get 20 2 * 5
you get 10 here 3 * 5 you get 15 here
blah blah blah you add everything up
across you get this number I got a 53
for carback loading I got a a 41 for
cight I got a 39 for intermittent
fasting a 56 for ficial macros or or
just macro counting and a 40 4 the
caveman died which tells me that the
best dies for me should be a combination
of callback loading and Counting
macros and the worst sty for me is an
minute fasting you know followed by the
caveman diet and then cite you know so
this is why whenever I decide to go on a
diet and just like you know just lose
weight a little bit lose a little bit of
fat before I you know take one step back
to take two steps forward because I'm
trying to just get as big as F possible
trying to beat the [ __ ] out of hanza so
whenever I try to like lose fat before I
take those two steps forward those are
the two things that I combine I can my
macros but in know you know I combine it
with car backloading where I try to eat
protein and fats in the morning and then
I try to eat my cars post workout you
know so use this guys as a template to
make the best decision for you pick a
diet that you can actually stick to and
I won't require too much willpower right
this is a very objective way of doing it
and uh try it out I wish you have best
it really really really works you know I
use this for almost everybody now you
know uh remember only those blue things
need to be adjusted based on
your uh profile all right I hope this
helped guys uh keep dominating Thanks
for liking the videos hope this is uh
very helpful if to share it with a
friend typical [ __ ] and I'll see you
guys soon God this video is long as
[ __ ] segments so go in the comment
section and just vote vote on what you
think is your most requested uh topic
and then obviously the one that has the
most likes are the ones are going to put
prioritize in case let's
