hey guys going on megan here oh my god
let's talk about this guy for a minute
russell or he
hopefully i'm pronouncing his name right
but why is no one talking about this guy
this guy is a genetic
freak
apparently he's been around for a long
time but you guys know i live under a
rock i finally did some research trying
to figure out what the hell is going on
here and some of the stuff i found out
blew my mind here are his before and
after pictures right this was him before
he [ __ ] ascended
i mean night and day night and day guys
look at this guy's legs man look at his
quads
insane and it's not even really a
bodybuilder it's a power lifter right he
does bodybuilding on the side but his
main focus is powerlifting any guys this
is another episode of what the [ __ ]
wednesday
where we talk about genetic freaks all
around the world regardless of ethnicity
and regardless of natty status right so
i cover guys who want to juice guys who
are natural guys who have my statin
deficiencies i don't care right genetic
freaking never freak right you can take
all the steroids all the drugs in the
world and you're never going to be
rodney coleman unless you have the
genetics of ronnie coleman obviously the
work ethic plays the role too but
genetics come first right steroids
simply enhance your genetic potential so
the guys who are dominating the mr
olympia top five there will be the guys
who are dominating the mr olympia if
steroids never existed and their science
is clear on this guys
0.81 that is the correlation between
athletic performance and obviously
genetics so all of the freaks of nature
have a genetic advantage and there's
nothing to be upset about because they
still have to put in work in order to
maximize those genetics but yes the
correlation between athletic performance
and genetic polymorphisms
is 0.81 that means 65 of the variance
can be explained by genes meaning
culture and environment take care of
only 35 percent of the variance other
studies have shown that up to 8 000
genes are differently transcribed
between high responders and low
responders that is 8 000 different genes
and lastly athletes that have what
researchers like to call a perfect power
score meaning they have almost all of
the genes that are needed for maximum
performance in bodybuilding and power
lifting sports or power based sports are
0.0003 percent of the population let
that sink in not one percent not 0.1
by
0.0003 of the population so don't you
ever tell me that genetics don't play a
role a massive role at that in
performance and these are just the list
of some of the genes
that you must have the positive
polymorphisms of in order to excel at a
power based sport right so thank your
parents if you have the right
polymorphism of those genes which is
also why studies have shown that you can
put a variety of people on the same
training protocol and some will be low
responders and some will blow everybody
else out of the water even if you try to
equate the environment as much as
possible long story short
specimens like this guy work extremely
hard have high work ethic high
motivation high paying tolerance but you
also have to give their parents credit
for the amazing genetics that they
passed on to these guys especially his
mother which i'm going to make a video
about i keep forgetting to make that
video guys why is it that your mother
actually has the biggest
impact on how good your muscle building
genetics are all right
let's keep going down the list of
pictures more before and after pictures
this guy went from having a neck which
is a disgrace to human civilization if
you guys know me if you have a neck and
i have a neck you are not worthy i've
been saying this for over 10 years guys
humans we were not supposed to have
necks right we were supposed to have
[ __ ] broadly traps in the neck bigger
than a [ __ ] head obviously i'm
exaggerating guys i'm just obsessed with
neck and traps but anyway this guy went
from being a disgrace
to a [ __ ] legend right obviously he's
flexing here but you get the point
there's another picture here uh
obviously he was in his late teens you
can tell by the facial features and you
can tell he already had phenomenal
development at that age and look at the
metamorphosis look at his arms while
performing the deadlift here
there's another picture here he went
from the guy who would just look at your
girl and wave to the guy who clapped her
cheeks last night and made you watch
insane i mean look at his legs like what
the [ __ ] guys every time i look at a
picture of this guy my mind thinks tom
platts tom platts the natty tom platts
[ __ ] tree trunks there goes another
before and after picture here you can
clearly tell he went from perma-virgin
to
which one of you kids am i not the
father of guys i get so inspired when i
see epic transformations like this i
love when people push the human body
to its limits right we are an amazing
amazing species and our ability to adapt
to stress is very remarkable there goes
another picture here before after
another before and after another before
and after but you get the point
this guy should have his dna sequenced
and should be locked in a museum
somewhere for the rest of humanity to
behold and i'm going to show you guys
why i believe there's a 99 chance that
this guy is actually natural now here's
the funny part right the moment i see
a black guy with insane genetics if you
watch my videos you really know where
this is going right i always i told you
guys there's a 90 chance of figuring out
where they come from as far as the
ancestors whatever if you just think of
three countries either nigeria ghana or
the cameron region right
90 percent of the time if you see a
black guy who's a genetic freak whether
he's on steroids or 90 doesn't matter
there's a 90 chance that he has ancestry
in nigeria ghana or cameroon right so
west africa
but specifically those regions and the
surrounding parts right if you watch my
my videos on black genetics and
uh debunking the slavery myth and all
that stuff
you know exactly what i'm talking about
right so the moment i saw that i was
like okay this guy i hope he did an
instant street test if he's
african-american if he's not
african-american then that's an easy
answer he's either from ghana nigeria
or the cameroon congo region right you
also have some freaks in uh senegal
iricos liberia region but like i said
they're mostly concentrated where
malaria is most prevalent and i already
explained the correlation between
malaria and you know sickle cell and
fast rich muscles and stuff like that so
i did some research first i looked at
his uh i tried to look at his facial
features because us africans we can
actually tell
um but once again he didn't give me a
specific country you know because i was
like he definitely looks west african um
but he could be african-american you
know
um so you could look at his face and
pinpoint that he's from west africa or
he has institute in west africa but the
country i was not sure and i try to look
at his last name and his last name is
ohri which is not a to my knowledge is
not a common
um
west african name i may be wrong said i
only spent 11 years in africa so i do
further research and i'm like okay he's
definitely from one of these regions
here oh his parents are and sure enough
guess what he is [ __ ] nigerian guys i
told you a million times
that test does not fail you see an
african guy with insane genetics or a
black guy you know he doesn't have to be
african he could be african-american it
could be from the caribbean it doesn't
matter jamaican if you see a black guy
with insane muscle building genetics
just guess nigeria ghana or cameron you
know the cameron region and it's a 90
chance you're gonna be right so enough
he's nigerian nigerians are [ __ ]
built different guys i'm gonna make a
whole video on nigerians because you
have to understand how crazy
the genetics are when it comes for fast
switch muscles like i said watch my
videos on it you know i went into the
details
they are insane and even if you go to
the village
to some of the guys who don't even
[ __ ] know what protein is that they
have [ __ ] nutrition and whatever that
they have no clue what this [ __ ]
style it looks like right i'm talking
about deep in the village you will see
some physiques that will blow your mind
and when they come to the states
or when they come to uh you know they go
to northern europe or develop nation
where they have access to the nutrition
or access to the to the supplements or
the drugs or whatever their physiques
really get to shine but anyway back to
russo both his father and his mother are
a hundred percent audrey and i believe
and if you look at the studies done on
nigerians and west africans obviously
you guys remember this right they have
the best acting iii profile out of every
single ethnic group on the planet as you
can see here even higher
than usa blacks which once again
destroys the whole slave trade selective
breeding myth out of the water but they
also have extremely favorable phenotypes
when it comes to nitric oxide synthase
hdd polymorphism interleukin-6 igf-1
myostatin actin three engine receptor
creatine kidneys kindness i'm gonna make
a whole video about those genes guys if
you want to just let me know i'm gonna
do a full genetic analysis on what
exactly makes for someone a female and
the crazy thing about this to answer
your question why why do i think there's
a 99 chances 90 it's simple guys this
guy competes in ipf guys and for all of
the guys who are into powerlifting you
know what i'm talking about it is the
most aggressive federation when it comes
to drug testing these guys test you i
think at least three times a year or
some [ __ ] right and it's random testing
right so you guys know what that means
they can show up to you at any time they
can show to your house while you're
sleeping they can show up to your house
while you [ __ ] clap in cheeks they
can show up to your house at any time
and test you right and no you cannot
cheat ipf testing trust me you can't
manipulate the te ratio you can't try to
soccer on and off whatever it's not
gonna work they're gonna catch you right
because no matter what compound you use
even if you try to cycle in and out
you're going to be suppressed and
they're going to test for that right
you're going to notice their
abnormalities and you're luteinizing
hormone you're going to have dropping
releasing hormone they will catch you
eventually you might dodge them once or
twice but this guy's been competing for
over five years based on my research
over five years
guys there's no way in hell there's not
a there's not a single
cycle you could take whether you're
cycling enough or you're extremely
intelligent or manipulating your your
profile that's gonna allow you to
pass ipf standard testing for five
consecutive years it is literally
impossible and even if you do somehow on
the day of the show you're gonna be
either suppressed as [ __ ] right so your
power output is gonna go down
dramatically if you try to cycle off
before the show right and you're
definitely not gonna be able to squat
over 700 pounds while you're suppressed
right so if you try to hop off the drugs
a few weeks or months
into the show trust me your performance
will go to [ __ ] meanwhile this guy has
been constantly increasing his
performance while passing every single
test for five years in a row
there's not a single person on the
planet no matter how much you know about
steroids who's able to achieve that fee
so
that leaves us with a 99.99
chance that this guy's natural or even
if you play devil's advocate and you say
well maybe he's on very very very very
very low doses of steroids that go
undetected which is you know unlikely
but even if he is that still proves that
his genetics are amazing because
to be able to use such a small amount of
drugs and still have a physique like
this and still
squat over 700 pounds and that lifts 730
pounds and bench press 400 pounds then
you then you have to be a genetic freak
so no matter which way you look at it
guys this guy is a freak whether he's 90
or not and here's what makes this worse
can you imagine if this guy decided to
actually hop on the juice right i always
do this comparison right imagine he hops
on the basic bodybuilder cycle
testosterone bass plus d ball plus deca
plus a dhc derivatives which is
notoriously used by power lifters igf-1
growth guys can you imagine if this guy
actually hopped on a full-blown cycle if
he said [ __ ] the ipf you guys can catch
me i don't care let me hop on every drug
imaginable guys can you imagine what his
lips would be like if he's already
squatting 700 pounds that lifting 700
pounds bench pressing 400 pounds without
any of these compounds detected in his
blood
can you imagine if you went full blown
and blasted all these drugs that's what
blows my mind which is why i said in the
previous uh victor richards video that
russell he
plus senzu beans you know what i'm
talking about equals victor richard or
better right this guy reminds me of
victor richards so much and like i said
the crazy thing is he's not even a
bodybuilder he just does this [ __ ] on
the side like how i'm gonna bodybuild
for fun like this blows my mind so where
would i place them in my uh till list
where i rank the different genetics
right from low responders normal
responders super hyper and [ __ ]
legends guys to be perfectly honest with
you
i'm gonna put this guy in the [ __ ]
legend territory right again remember
this is where ronnie coleman and the top
five mr olympia places go right because
even that didn't look like that
before they started bodybuilding right
so i really believe that if this guy had
dedicated his life to to professional
bodybuilding right which of course i
don't recommend because i don't you know
i wouldn't want anybody to shorten their
life right i want everybody to stay
naughty but if
if here went that route because let's be
honest right we are extremely
entertained by the mass monsters at
least i know i am right i got into
bodybuilding because of mass monsters
years ago he would be a [ __ ] legend
most people are here no more responders
the fitness influencers are here super
responders right most of the guys that
you guys are subscribed to on youtube
the hyper responders are here so these
are the guys who can make it into the
ifbb but you know don't really place in
the top five
and you have the [ __ ] legends which
are the daring yates of the world the
lee haneys of the world of ronnie
coleman this guy will by far
be in this category in terms of genetic
by the way guys i really wish i knew
about this guy years ago because he's
extremely inspiring i looked at his
instagram that's why i found a majority
of his pictures very motivating uh he
also likes anime which is amazing
because you guys know if you love anime
then i [ __ ] with you from day one and
once again this is not to discredit his
hard work every time i make a video on
genetics you know people like to
strawband the video and say oh you know
then you're discrediting the hard work
this is by no means discrediting his
hard work because you can have all the
genetics in the world if you do not
apply that if you do not train for your
sport if you do not go to the gym if
you're not consistent with your workouts
you're not going to get far and i've
seen that i told you guys i have friends
i can tell you guys so many stories i
have friends who have
elite genetics so enough they're from
nigeria and ghana and things like that
and they're just half-ass the gym
half-ass the nutrition and they don't
give a [ __ ] in fact the crazy thing is
most people that have amazing genetics
most africans also have amazing don't
even care about bodybuilding that's what
blew my mind because i grew up with the
[ __ ] genetics and i would see my friends
with the [ __ ] elite genetics and i'll
be like dude like why why why am i
forcing you to come to the gym like i
had to force my friends with the good
genetics to come to the gym with me
they're like i'm not trying to stay home
today i'm like what the [ __ ] so a lot of
these guys you know just don't even care
about bodybuilding their parents are
pushing them to be lawyers and engineers
and things like that and they just
bodybuild on the side you know whenever
they feel like it so just because you
have good genetics does not mean you're
going to build a physique like that you
still have to train that goes without
saying right i shouldn't have to say
that but
people like to straw me in my videos
alright guys comment below let me know
what you guys think about this guy i
really think he should like [ __ ]
donate his blood to like a laboratory or
something so we can preserve those genes
for generations to come keep in mind i
don't know this guy i have no
affiliation with him this is subscribers
send me a video him a year and a half
ago and i said and i promised that i
would eventually look into it and boy
i'm glad i did because this is very
fascinating alright guys see you in the
comment section alright guys don't
forget to like or share the video
subscribe and hit the bell and buy my
hsp nucleus of a little training program
it's the ultimate program for maximum
muscle growth it includes full body
workout splits bro splits push-pull home
workouts you name it also comes with a
complete guide for macros nutrition fat
loss muscle growth hormones
including a meal plan it's pretty much
all my 16 years of experience
condensed into one [ __ ] book you're
also gonna get free copies of any future
edition so visit team3d alpha.com and
you can use the 40 off coupon code
nucleus overload or you could just buy
this [ __ ] at full price all right guys
i'm out of here
