hey guys going on Megan here so this
question is on same thing exercises
right what type of exercises should I
focus on at the gym right and this is a
very common question I get because once
again B becom so popular that if you go
online and you put best exercises for
chest back arms whatever you're going to
get a ton of exercises a whole list of
exercises and it's very hard to you know
prioritize and say okay what should I
focus on or not so my advice to you guys
is this right from experience right been
doing this for a long time focus on
three types of exercises I'm not going
to say the exercises names I'm just
going to give you the types of exercises
and it's up to you to go to your gym and
see what they have or see what you're
you know you're comfortable doing you
know based on your injuries or you know
preface and things like that so for
every muscle on the human body right you
only really need three types of
exercises one you need a strength
exercise I call them strength exercises
right that's compound movement something
that's going to help you recruit as many
muscle fibers as possible something
that's going to recruit minor muscles to
help you in the movement so for example
bench breaths dips things like that um
and the purpose of that one is simply to
increase your strength right to increase
your strength to increase NE output
things like that so and it's to increase
bone density because if you're using
chances are if you're doing a heavy
compound lift you're going to be
recuiting a lot of mus Fiers going to be
also increasing your bone density which
I made a lot of videos about and that's
crucial in growing bigger faster so one
compound heavy movement right you just
need one no no no need for two
especially if it's in the same plane you
know what I mean so if you're doing um I
don't know uh a rowing you know a
horizontal row that's this way and then
you switch into another one that's like
this way I mean that's that's if you
competing that's if you you've been
Lifting for years and you you hit a
plateau things like that yeah that's why
you might want to double up on exercises
in the same plane but if you're a
beginner or intermediate or you just
want to you know get bigger without
worrying about detail you know every
little detail focus on you know just one
for each category so one heavy compound
movement that's number one for every
single muscle so I give you an example
again just uh dumbbell presses or
barbell presses uh back a horizontal Row
for thickness a vertical movement for
width
um uh for biceps you could do preach
churl right uh for um not preach C sorry
U buur for legs squats or hack squats
depend on your knees things like that
right for triceps you might want to do
dips or closed grip bench breaths right
so number one one heavy compound
movement the second type of exercise you
should have for every single muscle is a
stretching exercise that's probably the
most important one for my experience I
found out that you know based on PR
principle you know how you know 80% of
your efforts will come 80% of your
results will come from 20% of your
efforts right so for every five exercise
you're doing only one of those exercises
is really giving you a bang for your
buck right and one thing I realized is
heavy stretching exercises are leg legit
for putting on mats you I made videos
about stretching you know years ago but
I might make another one in the next few
days but um you definitely want a heavy
stretch exercise that has that helps you
you know control the negative helps you
stretch and um you know pretty much puts
a lot of emphasis on The Eccentric part
of the movement so for chess dumbbell
flies heavy ass dumbbell flies so
underrated today when it is one of the
best mass builders for your chest right
uh for back pullover right it's going to
help you stretch your lats uh for your
back thickness anything that allows you
to stretch you know your run board and
mid trap region all right so anything
that will you know have you like the
chest supported roll machine you know
that will let you get you know get a
good stretch or the dumbbell roll heavy
dumbbell roll uh but make sure remember
the the point of this category is to
emphasize the Centric part so you can
jerk it up make sure you leave it down
in a control fashion and make sure you
stretch at the bottom um for for triceps
nothing beats you know um french press
or overhead press whatever you want to
call it right so overhead dumbbell
extensions you could do it two-handed to
use more weight so pretty much a
stretching for delts the best way to
reach to actually stretch your delts is
your real delts right I made a lot of
videos about the importance of real
delts if you want to grow your shoulders
so anything that allows you to really
get a good stretch on your real delts um
things like that so number one we have
the heavy compound movement number two
is obviously the stretching exercise and
number three is find you a good
squeeze exercise I call those the pump
exercises those are the exercises that
help you maximize the pump right exercis
that help you get a lot of blood in the
muscle help you squeeze the muscle you
know help you get that mind muscle
connection so for biceps you got pre
curs for triceps you got the basic press
down or kickbacks um for chest you got
the
Crossovers you know for for legs you got
the leg extension you know for for lats
you got the pull Downs for uh back
thickness you got the cable roll
anything that you to squeeze and
actually have tension as you squeeze so
pretty much going to be a cable exercise
right so number one is probably going to
be a bub a dumbbell exercise number two
is going to be the ball Bell dumbbell or
machine exercise for the stretching and
number three is going to be most likely
cable or Hammer string machine all right
so three types of exercises you should
focus on whether you're doing splits or
full body routine that should that
should you know create hypertrophy
across the Spectrum you're going to have
damage from the stretching exercise
you're going to have have high
mechanical tension from the obviously
heavy compound lifts and you're going to
have some kind of metabolic stress from
the squeezing and the the cable pump
exercise the constant tension on those
machines all right so I hope that ANW
that question uh comment below again I'm
going through the list of questions
really got a lot of catching up to do
you know Finals over so expect a lot of
videos from T 3D stay tuned guys
