look what happened to the testosterone
levels when they were put on a zinc
restricted diet their levels got crushed
hey guys what's going on megan here
another episode of testosterone thursday
where we talk about everything related
to testosterone anyway watch the last
video on um
it was released last week on the
anabolic checklist right the top five
things the top five questions you should
ask yourself if you want to know if
you're building muscle at a maximal rate
and number three was did i eat all of my
key vitamins and minerals and micros in
the last 24 hours right you guys doing
this channel i do not stop emphasizing
the basics right and i've been coaching
people for so long guys almost everyone
i come across friends or family are
deficient in micronutrients right
because everyone assumes that just
popping a multivitamin in the morning is
going to take care of their
micronutrient needs which is wrong and
not only that's hurting hypertrophy it's
hurting your ability to put on muscle
and strength but it's also crushing your
testosterone levels you guys are so
quick to hop on trt hop on roids instead
of first taking care of the basics i
have yet to meet a single person who
came to me for coaching or for advice
who is not deficient in at least one if
not five micronutrients and you guys are
wondering why you have a hard time
recovering hard time building muscle
hard time losing fat but anyway back to
this study here and this is a no study i
referenced it several times but long
story short they put a bunch of men on a
zinc restricted diet for five months
right and the testosterone levels went
from 1150 to [ __ ] 300 guys that is
insane these [ __ ] aged like 50
years in five months in terms of
testosterone levels right and i'm just
putting those two pictures here because
you know those are the top two sources
of saying but that's not what they were
restricted in an actual study right so
don't get confused but long story short
they were put on the zinc restriction
diet for just 20 weeks and look what 20
weeks and that's just zinc guys that
just control for zinc look what 20 weeks
of zing restriction which so many of you
[ __ ] are deficient in day to
day testosterone levels right and you
guys are wondering why my testosterone
levels
you need to get your zing you need to
get your micro nutrients you need to get
your magnesium you need to get your
sleep all of the things that have beaten
that horse over for the last 10 plus
years guys do you realize how huge of a
drop this is
11.50 so they went from having super
high testosterone levels and that's not
shocking you know back in 1995 and even
before that you know men had much hard
to stop small levels and you guys
already know why it's not just exposure
to uh you know taxes and all that no
it's just a lifestyle right our
lifestyle is absolute [ __ ] you guys are
sedentary you guys are avoiding your fat
intake like the play because you're so
obsessed with getting a [ __ ] six-pack
you guys are [ __ ] up in your sleep
because you're up all night playing
video games right i'm gonna make a new
video explaining exactly why
this thoughts levels have dropped so
much but anyway back to the video this
is just a deficiency in one
mineral can you imagine
what else you're doing to testosterone
levels by being deficient in magnesium
in selenium in potassium even in
cholesterol which obviously is not a
micronutrient but it's so crucial for
testosterone synthesis right and i have
a video about that as well right seventy
percent drop from [ __ ]
puberty category testosterone levels to
hypogonadal status right and how many of
you guys are getting enough oysters
right the top two sources of zinc
oysters and steak how many of you guys
are getting enough steak on a daily
basis how many guys are getting enough
lamb and i know none of your
[ __ ] are eating oysters and i
don't want to hear what i take a
multivitamin god i hate that so much you
know how many guys take multivitamins
that are still deficient in the key
micronutrients and i told you guys why
several times one most supplement
companies are full of [ __ ] and two a lot
of those
vitamins and minerals compete for
absorption so you can't take them all at
once get your sauces from foods there's
nothing wrong with supplements as long
as they used to supplement your diet not
replace your diet right you guys are so
quick every time i make a video about
something like this on [ __ ] don't
even get me started on that right i tell
you guys get it from food get it from
foods
and i get a billion emails about should
i birth to acoustic room what the [ __ ]
guys stick to the basics because you're
not only getting
the micronutrient deficient in but
you're getting a bunch of other [ __ ]
from foods whereas if you're getting
your stuff from supplements you're only
getting that one nutrient so why not hit
five birds with one stone right by
eating your steak you're getting iron
you're getting zinc you're getting
saturated fats and cholesterol for the
production of testosterone itself
because everyone in the mother forgets
that testosterone is literally made from
cholesterol correct your vitamin and
mineral deficiencies before you start
crying about needing tlt right these
guys if it wasn't for the study they
probably would have went to the doctor
and the doctor would have said oh my god
you guys are helping that or hop on this
[ __ ] right meanwhile all i had to do was
eat more zinc now you guys see why i
hate the supplement industry so much and
why i despise the trt industry even more
as important as testosterone is you guys
know it's one of my favorite molecules
in the human body testosterone dopamine
myostatin you know i have too many
readers on those three molecules i love
them too much right so as important as
testosterone is i still believe that
most of the people on tlt do not need it
how do i know i've been training people
for [ __ ] years guys i look at the
diet so i'm like holy [ __ ] i look at the
sleep habits i'm like holy [ __ ] you
don't need tlt you need to be more
disciplined and you need to fix your
left side habits the only people who
need tlt the only people who need
testosterone i told you guys number one
professional athletes or ipv
bodybuilders because millions of dollars
are at stake obviously for the athletes
not for the bodybuilders right and
obviously if you know our bb that's
common sense right you need massive
amounts of roids to compete at a high
level
depending on your energy androgen
receptor sensitivity and blah blah and
number two people who have genetic
conditions that prevent them from
synthesizing testosterone
right or disease or castration
right if you're not in those two
categories right if you're not a
professional athlete like playing for
the nfl at the high level or a
professional bodybuilder right and if
you have a genetic condition or disease
that literally stops you from producing
testosterone from your own [ __ ] balls
then you have no business being on grt
but again that's just my opinion you
guys are going to [ __ ] you on with your
life and like i said i coached several
people on trt so it's not like i have
something against people on roads you
guys know me i help everybody i [ __ ]
with everybody as long as you're trying
to improve as long as you're trying to
better your life i'm here to help i'm
just saying do not jump the gun do not
jump to a last resort solution if you
haven't even covered the basics yet all
right anyway guys hope this video helps
i want to make more videos on
other basic factors that have a huge
impact on your testosterone production
from increasing testosterone lowering
sex hormone biting globulin or even
increasing energy and receptor
sensitivity stay tuned all right see in
the comment section don't forget to join
right here all right guys don't forget
to like or share the video subscribe and
hit the bell and buy my hsp nucleus of a
little training program it's the
ultimate program for maximum muscle
growth it includes full body workout
splits bro splits push-pull
home workouts you name it also comes
with a complete guide for macros
nutrition fat loss muscle growth
hormones
including a meal plan it's pretty much
all my 16 years of experience
condensed into one [ __ ] book you're
also gonna get free copies of any future
edition so visit team3d alpha.com and
you can use the 40 off coupon code
nucleus overload or you could just buy
this [ __ ] at full price all right guys
i'm out of here
