guys going on Megan here quick
Foundation video again it's going to be
a recap for the OG subscribers it's
going to be a new video for the new
subscribers and that's going to be the
foundation for the next videos that are
coming up on the topic of muscle growth
right I'm a big believer in
understanding how a process you know
works way out for you to be able to you
know ask intelligent questions and to
also be able to develop theories on your
own and a lot of people just simply
don't know how M grow that's why I'm
making a lot more of these videos so uh
bear with me if you already watched me
explain this a million times but there's
a lot of new subscribers that I need to
uh put on now mind you this is stuff
that I talked about years ago right so
it's not anything new um luckily more
and more scien is coming out on it but I
remember when I was first talking about
you know this whole process people
thought it was crazy until I had
to go online and find a studies to back
it up but anyway so only two ways uh
only the two only Pathways that mosters
use to grow right um obviously you have
let's look at the legend you have the
nucleus or nuclei I don't like
saying nuclear it's the P it's the
plural for nucleus I'm just going to say
nucleus for both single and plural you
have the satellite cells in blue you
have the muscle cell in Black in short
what is the nucleus the nucleus is where
protein sentences begins when your
body's building muscle everything starts
with the nucleus right this is where the
DNA is this is where the chromosomes are
this is where your genes are all right
when your body wants to add more
proteins right to your to your muscle
fibers it starts in the nucleus okay two
the satellite cells they simply cells
that are around the muscle cell and
they're not activated yet right they're
just sitting there chilling and when you
when you when they activated they go
inside the muscle cell the muscle fiber
they fuse with it and they donate more
nucleus once again it all comes down to
the nucleus this what St cells do right
they're just on the outside they're kind
of like the bench players right they're
kind of like the bench players or the
reserve force in the military right they
only come in when you actually really
need them and they come in it's like the
Cavalry all right and then you have the
muscle cell of course right which is the
focus of our discussion so the only two
Pathways muscle grow is through
obviously protein synthesis right
building protein your body uses the
nucleus to read the genes and all that
stuff and translate it into proteins so
building the actual proteins that your
muscles are made of that's pathway
number one the second pathway is the
satellite Cell Activation and I explain
that in several videos that's when the
satellite cells activate the reserve
Force activates goes into the monster
cell and donates more nucleus from which
you can start building um so most people
only maximize the first
pathway how you doing Dy finish the
video okay yeah yeah yeah I'm making a
video let me finish all right all right
so most people only maximize the first
pathway right which is the protein
sentences they they start training they
start building you know um additional
proteins from these nucleus here these
nuclei here and that's about it then
they reach toly to and they're like what
the going on I'm not growing
anymore I've been Lifting for a long
time and that's what I keep saying
you're not maximizing the second pathway
which is you're not adding the reserve
Force okay you're not activating the
satellite cells because what happens is
each of these nuclei can only grow can
only provide this much you know a finite
amount of protein a finite amount of
growth so you go from here to about here
right so you go from this year to this
year that's it those three guys are
maximized right so you could activate
them all you want you know you could
synthesize as much protein as you want
that can only grow within this limited
area here okay for them to for the
muscle cell to grow past this point you
need more of these more of these
workers all right you need more nule
nucleus one nuclei so that's where the
stellite cells come in which is par
number two wherein when they're
activated boom they come in they fuse
right I'm going to grab them drag them
in
here all right comes in right they fuse
and they donate more of these red
 that you see here okay it's
obviously more complex than this but
this is what they do they go inside and
donate more nuclei when you have more
nuclei what happens the muscle can now
grow even more because now each nuclei
can add to its own respective donate I
mean domain it's like a it's like a a a
certain radius right that
each you know uh nucleus can actually
contribute to all right so in conclusion
because the next videos are going to be
based on this make sure you watch this
video at least twice Master this video
understand this process read up on it
right I didn't come up with this
this is fact go up read up on it
understand this mechanism because that's
where all the other videos are going to
be built on this is how muscles grow you
either going to have the nucleus
synthesize more tissue more protein or
you're going to have the satellite cells
go inside provide more nucleus which is
then going to repeat the same pathway
which is OB you see synthesize more and
more and more proteins it all boards
down to nucleus this is why people
Plateau people plau because they only
maximize protein synesis but they don't
maximize satellite Cell Activation which
is why I'm a big believer and I keep
preaching High Reps High Vol high
frequency because this is how you donate
this is how you activate those sleeping
ass satellite cells if you just doing
the same routine every day you just
lifting heavy your five sets of five
whatever that's great you're going to
grow as a beginner but then you're going
to Plateau as you become Advanced
because you don't have additional
satellite cells this is where you got to
start doing High rep work high volume
work high frequency work because you're
completing both Pathways okay you
maximizing both Pathways of course you
know lifting heavy is going to activate
a little bit of both but it's not going
to maximize each side okay hope this
answers you know your questions um it's
all about donating these
 in
here thus allowing the muscle cell to
grow all right guys uh stay tuned for
the next video while going to more depth
more detail But please understand this
concept because a lot of questions I'm
getting are kind of getting frustrating
because people are not watching these
101 videos all right team 3D altise like
the video helps the channel grow share
it with a friend comment below if you
got any questions put video question if
you want the question answered in the
video and don't forget to subscribe if
you're new all that good remember
to dominate team 3D I'm
out segments so go in the comment
section and just vote vote on what you
think is your most requested uh topic
and then obviously the one that has the
most likes are the ones are going to
prioritize in case let's
