is so crucial in production of
testosterone and in the regulation of
free testosterone sexual mobility
globulin and estradiol it also has some
interactions with dht and 5 alpha
reductase but
hey that's going on megan here all right
another episode of top tier tuesday
today we're going to focus on the most
important vitamins and minerals for
testosterone production we're going to
use the standard tailless i'm about to
not that's the best of the best those
are the items that not only impact the
styles production but also impact
testosterone activity such as reducing
sex hormone bonding globulin or reducing
aromatase and therefore estradiol
competing with cortisol blah blah so
anything that's up here is something
that you cannot afford to be deficient
in if you want your testosterone levels
and your testosterone binding capacity
to be as high as possible [ __ ]
amazing those are things that not quite
make the mark um but uh that damn good
okay again those are things that are
average so if you're deficient in it
again it's not good it's not recommended
to be deficient in it but it's not
really gonna have a huge impact on your
testosterone levels
um obviously bad that's pretty much
something that's still important for
overall health but uh not gonna have a
statistically significant impact on your
t levels and then obviously pure garbage
there's something that's you know it's
actually best to actually lower it um in
order to have optimal testosterone
activity anyway let's go straight to it
let's pick them at random all right so
vitamin e a tear [ __ ] amazing right
keep in mind vitamin e has a lot of
effects on the body and as far as the
starch one goes mainly through lowering
prolactin antioxidant properties
protecting your polyunsaturated fatty
acids blah blah i'm gonna try to skip
the science nerdy stuff just for the
video shorter but if you want i can make
a video explaining exactly how each
vitamin or mineral affects the styles
from production or activity all right
but for now just to get keep the video
short i'm just going to try to go as
fast as possible zinc i'm about to nut
category you cannot afford to be
deficient in zinc
if you want to have optimal testosterone
levels not only that affects
testosterone production at the latex
cells but it also affects testosterone
conversion pathways and also increases
uh free testosterone by lowering sexual
mobility globulin but long story short
zinc is the number one i'm about to not
calorie when it comes to maximum
testosterone next vitamin k that's going
to be [ __ ] amazing right and again
this mainly impacts testosterone
production at the latex cells next
vitamin d you guys already know i have a
ton of videos on that that's actually a
hormone out of vitamin but anyway i'm
about to not category and most of your
[ __ ] are deficient in vitamin d
especially if you're a dog skinny like
myself and you don't get enough sunlight
but vitamin d3 so many uses in the human
body and as far as testosterone goes it
affects it through so many pathways
latex cells selenium again [ __ ]
amazing mainly through the antioxidant
properties uh next calcium believe it or
not i want to put that okay obviously
there are some links between calcium and
testosterone but it's an indirect link
um if you're deficient in calcium it's
going to [ __ ] up a lot of different
pathways in your body but testosterone
production it's not going to be uh
significantly impaired for example like
if you're deficient in calcium and you
increase your calcium you're not going
to go from 500 nanograms per deciliter
to like [ __ ] 800 right again that
does not mean you should be deficient in
calcium because you're saying as fast as
satsang goes that's not one of the
things that i look at first even though
there is a correlation potassium same
thing okay again most people don't get
enough potassium but same explanation is
calcium right it's an electrolyte very
important for other things but this
video is strictly for testosterone so
okay iron is also an okay category
before puberty it will be [ __ ]
amazing so if you didn't go through
puberty you do not want to [ __ ] around
with your you know you don't be
deficient iron um after puberty you know
if you're deficient in iron yes again
it's bad because it's an essential
mineral uh but it's not gonna crush it
to start someone that was too bad you're
gonna feel obviously you know energy
issues and things like that but no one
goes from deficient iron to sufficient
iron this is a huge increase in
testosterone especially after pivoting
again i have to say this over and over
again you still do not want to be
deficient in any of these all right so
don't say well millions of iron is not
important i'm just not going to eat it
no for the sake of testosterone it's not
as important as the ones up there
especially as the pvd all right next
chromium chromium also okay again it's
very important for insulin sensitivity
but fixing your chromium deficiencies is
not going to lead to a huge increase in
testosterone levels you're going to see
some increases but it's not going to be
massive like the ones up here next
phosphorus i'm just going to put
phosphorus at bad again once again it
has some uses in the body but as far as
the satsang goes most people are getting
way too much phosphorus and in fact
having too much phosphorus obviously is
detrimental to testosterone keep in mind
having too much of anything up here you
know even saying you know
too much of a good thing is bad right so
having too much of any good thing is bad
is just phosphorus is notorious for
lowering testosterone if you have
uh way more than what we're currently
eating and we're already eating too much
whereas most of the items up here most
people aren't getting enough right so
don't watch this video and go and try to
overdose on the things up here right no
no no keep in mind everything follows on
inverted you curve next magnesium you
guys already know i'm about to not
category i can make an entire video on
all the effects magnesium has on
testosterone it is endless not only
increases the testosterone production
but it also helps lower sexual mobility
globulin so that you have more free
testosterone available all right next
vitamin c believe it or not [ __ ]
amazing you got to protect your balls
guys a lot of stress a lot of oxidative
stress right so mainly through the
antioxidant properties right and also
keeping called the soil at bay next i
put chloride twice sorry but chloride
chlorine pure garbage jesus christ you
know like that's actually [ __ ] at
testosterone levels right we are getting
slammed with way too much chlorine
especially if you swim a lot iodine
[ __ ] amazing right proper thyroid
function t3 which obviously helps kick
start the whole testosterone production
process all the way from the
hypothalamus down to your balls remember
if you have issues with your t3 you're
going to have a lot of issues producing
an anatropic releasing hormone and
luteinizing hormone in addition to
having a [ __ ] metabolism so [ __ ]
amazing manganese i'm going to put out
okay right i was going to put a bit
higher simply because you do need
manganese especially before puberty to
kickstart the huge increase in
testosterone that we're seeing jeans but
i'm gonna put it out okay simply because
it does not hold a candle to the things
up here all right but i was kind of
divided between putting it between
[ __ ] amazing and okay so i'm gonna
put
somewhere
split
move [ __ ] there we go all right next
choline believe it or not [ __ ]
amazing not only because most people are
deficient in choline right over 90
percent of people are deficient in
choline you guys don't eat enough eggs
you don't eat enough uh liver but
choline is very important not just for
acetylcholine synthesis but also for
nitric oxide production and obviously
you guys know you need nitric oxide
production to increase gonadotropin
releasing hormone and a bunch of other
things choline obviously also has other
facts on protecting yourself membranes
and blah blah blah i said i could make a
whole dedicated video on choline uh but
definitely [ __ ] amazing copper i'm
gonna put copper out okay
very important especially if you eat a
lot of zinc right so make sure you
balance out using the copper ratio it's
very important for testosterone
production but not as much as the items
up here so i'm also going to put this
one a bit higher next fluoride pure
garbage get this [ __ ] out of here
fluoride is killing our testosterone
levels next b complex so that's all the
b vitamins right apart from choline
which would be four um [ __ ] amazing
very very very important for producing
dopamine especially b6 of course uh
lowering prolactin obviously through an
increase of the women as well which is
gonna go around and increase
gonadotropin releasing hormones so you
cannot afford to be deficient in your b
vitamins if you want to feel great and
if you want to have optimal testosterone
levels next boron i'm a boxing nut
category boron was literally made for
testosterone and i'm exaggerating but
boron is so crucial in production of
testosterone and in the regulation of
free testosterone sexual mobility
globulin and estradiol it also has some
interactions with dht and 5 alpha
reductase but mainly mainly for free
that's wrong and trust me most people
are not eating in a brand unless you're
eating [ __ ] uh raisins all day and a
crap ton of avocados and trust me you're
not getting that vitamin a this one will
shock you because most people think it's
in between okay the [ __ ] amazing but
vitamin a is actually an ammo batsu nut
category it helps regulating genes it's
an antioxidant it's needed for fat
metabolism and obviously you guys know
how important uh dietary fat is for
testosterone it helps transferring
cholesterol into your ball sacks so that
your latex can convert it to pregnant
alone and eventually progesterone dhea
androstenition and obviously eventually
testosterone and there's no surprise
that a ton of vitamin a is condensed
around the testes right long story short
you cannot be deficient in vitamin a
both before puberty and after puberty if
your goal is to maximize testosterone
and i'm sure you guys are familiar with
the study where a group of guys who had
delayed puberty were just giving vitamin
a and iron and they had the same effect
as the other group that were actually
giving steroids right of course it
hasn't been replicated but again it goes
to show how important vitamin a is for
testosterone synthesis and the last one
was chloride again like i said i had it
twice but anyway guys hope this video
helps keep in mind i am not sponsored by
any of these [ __ ] brands you guys
know i'm actually not a big fan of
supplements i'd rather have you get all
of your supplements from foods i said
this time and time again in almost every
[ __ ] video i have yet i still have
people ask me what is the best
supplement company i don't give a [ __ ] i
don't know i don't care i don't trust
any of them if you watch my videos like
this their own and all that stuff i
already told you guys the supplemental
street is full of [ __ ] 99 of the time
right if you want to supplement that's
fine but most of the time i always look
for natural food sources of key vitamins
and minerals first and then i only use
supplements on the days when i'm
traveling or let's say i'm at a hotel or
i have a bad day of eating then that's
when i pop out the supplements but try
to get all these from foods
except for situations when you just
can't right anyway guys hope this video
helps if you have any questions post
them in the reddit and make sure you
read the rules before posting so i don't
delete your comment and bang your bum
ass all right i'm out all right guys
don't forget to like or share the video
subscribe and hit the bell and buy my
hsp nucleus of a little training program
it's the ultimate program for maximum
muscle growth it includes full body
workout splits bro splits push-pull
home workouts you name it also comes
with a complete guide for macros
nutrition fat loss muscle growth
hormones
including a meal plan it's pretty much
all my 16 years of experience
condensed into one [ __ ] book you're
also gonna get free copies of any future
edition so visit team3d alpha.com and
you can use the forty percent off coupon
code nucleus overload or you could just
buy this [ __ ] at full price all right
guys i'm out of here
