all right guys we finally
here this is unreal
man
Warrior hot balls
[Music]
though
wow some these girls fine as
[ __ ] Chris says there goes the CrossFit
area where you can go do your hippie
[ __ ]
hey guys what's going on Megan here
finally here it is the back workout I'm
actually at home now we arrived 3 hours
ago it's currently 6:00 in the morning
anyway we started with deadlifts oh man
that girl anyway we started with
deadlifts uh warm ups uh then we moved
on to our working sets we did about two
warmups we did our working sets watch
Matt killing in here this is one red Max
by the way he did it twice look at that
he only weighs 135 and this is only his
first sh lifting so remember that um
Chris Jones that's one of the funniest
parts man Chris Jones went at it yeah I
ped up and he realized the weight was
way too light for him he almost jumped
off with the [ __ ] he was like put some
weight on the ball
man uh anyway we moved on to
yeah heavy set chis a pretty strong dude
with somebody who doesn't dead LIF man
it's anybody else out there who deal is
you know will know what I'm talking
about it takes a a lot lot of time to
you know master your phone so you don't
snap [ __ ]
up right I think this is my last working
set couldn't do more after that Chris
added even more weight to the ball and
wrapped it out for about two to three
reps I think three reps actually yeah
pretty powerful dude makes you wonder
you know how much he'll be able to deal
if you if he actually did it regularly
you know but anyway we body this not
power this and we moved on to B over
Rose by the way we're following Chris's
routine here
um he actually showed me a a few
pointers of how to do balls correctly I
was doing the wrong I was talking in my
lower L instead of my upper
back um I'm going to have that video up
shortly here we have t-bo rolls one of
my favorite exercises I'm glad to see CH
routine
um great for your upper back great for
your lower L depending on how you place
your elbows like I'm going to show you
in the video that quis breaks it down we
did same thing you know we did probably
one warm up then we did two to three
working sets
and you know we per to wait up till it's
uh till our form starts to break that's
the whole point you want to start up a
perfect form and then you know later on
give it your all on your last set all
right I try to be sneaky here try to
take some of that weight off got caught
anyway this is my last working sh but
like I said tall rolls man all the great
backs have done it Lee Haney Ronnie you
name it man you want the great upper B
Doos then we moved on to uh Dumbo rolls
uh I mainly use this for my upper back
but Prett show us like a A variation
which targets more of the you know more
of your lower lats I try to get you guys
a different angle kind of show you how
see how he tries to bring it back to
like his hip area I was doing it wrong I
show you me and Matt for we were doing
the the textbook for you know just bring
it up you know to your your apps well
that's not the way you want to do it if
you want to hit your lower lats but like
I said I was going to put a separate
video when Chris explains that details
anyway we moved on to C roll after that
done with the the the ball bells and
free weights so I guess uh get the blood
in there keep the muscle under
tension okay I got to start doing these
more often I used to do these a lot when
I first started and I stopped but you
know every all these wrong movement are
not the same they give you a different
feeling even though it looks like the
same mocean anyway moved on to lab P
down Dam you got so Qui uper back in
that one anyway you want that [ __ ] uh
went down to co Downs wide grip uhoh
check this
out here to show you guys that I I got
to get my CS to that size man I have to
CS grow if you work you know I just skip
them the [ __ ] all right then we did
um I I don't know vball pull Downs I
call this the d y pull Downs that's the
first guy so doing them but I guess they
called vvo cool Downs to bring out the
your last your last from the
front another movement I got to throw
back in my routine
um and then we did a chis special here
actually never probably really do this
exercise I used to do the dumbbell
pullovers on the bench but I'm going to
start doing this one more often so it's
really really good at working my form
though all right and then we finished up
with Chris's um full arm exercise here
no one it's called as you guys can tell
with my forearms I don't do a lot of
forearm training which I have to start
doing um I got a strong grip from
deadlifting but you know I told you guys
strength and hypertrophy are not always
the same thing you could be strong in
the body part and have it really small
but yeah that's it guys um let's know
what you think it was a great time
overall after that we hit Denny's took
some pictures and um yeah we had a blast
stay tuned for more videos
