and just to show how much genetics plays
a role in the nfl look at a quick
breakdown of position bar rate as you
can see the positions that require the
most speed are dominated by west african
descendants right african americans and
if you watch my video on african
americans you know what i'm talking
about you already know the reason behind
this right it's no coincidence that the
fastest man in the world are west
african descendants and they're also
over represented in the fastest position
in the nfl i mean look at it right
obviously wide receivers you got to be
fast as 88 percent of black
cornerback which is the fastest position
in the nfl look at that
99.4 percent of black and not just black
again west african descendants not east
african descent and then i already
explained why the whole malaria thing
but anyway and if you look at the
positions that require your strength
it's kind of equal right a lot of
strength out of power you have white
blacks close to 50 and of course as you
can see here the vast majority of
quarterbacks are white i'm probably
gonna make a video on that too while the
vast majority quarterbacks are white
people are gonna hate me for
that video but i don't give
