hey guys going on Megan here I'm gonna
go over the strongest not bigger video
in five to ten minutes a probably lesser
I so bear with me here so again strength
that's not lead to size stronger isn't
our bigger this is one of the topics
that frustrate me the most significant
deep bunt years ago in fact I made a
video about this back in 2013 and since
then a lot of studies came out to back
up my claim and this is not something I
made up this is something I just learned
from observation and from just studying
muscle growth my whole [ __ ] life
right so now I'm gonna show you guys the
studies behind it
ten proofs ten scientific oh oh this is
gonna be proved the [ __ ] vendor right so
there's no opinion here just straight
facts right we're gonna go over five
basic things number one training
experience leads to stronger so people
don't understand is that the longer
you've been training the stronger you
will be right because stretch is mainly
is a skill it's something that you
learned from doing something over and
over again
second thing is size least the strength
the bigger you are the stronger you are
that's why fat people are stronger than
skinny people they don't have to lift
the [ __ ] way if you stop training and
you put on a hundred pounds when just
fat just eating colored surplus and you
go back to training you will be stronger
right size leads to strength force is
mass times acceleration our third thing
is the reason why big Natty's are strong
is because of number one and number two
right peg natty up and say well the the
the big and Hattie's are the strong
enough but the reason why big NAT is of
strong is because one they've been
training for a long time and two they
have that size which helps them become
stronger so people actually have that
backwards
stronger is not bigger bigger and
stronger right and the fourth thing is
progressive although we're gonna go to
progressive overload a lot of people
miss apply progressive overload it's the
result of trainings the result of
hypertrophy it's not the cause as you
get more advanced in your training
you'll be able to progressively overload
right so you don't you don't force it it
just happens from training and from
lifting that's why you curling a heavier
weight and you were curling two three
years ago it's good your body is
adapting right and finally there are
multiple ways of aggressive overload so
I'm gonna go over that as quick as
possible by the middle of the day is
obviously my man actually Jackson love
them or under more my favorite body was
a long time so anyway
next hi mrs. possible number one reason
why stronger is not bigger obviously you
guys know you have slow and fast twitch
muscle fibers the ones that you want to
focus on for our personal feeds
obviously the fastest ones right the
high threshold motor units are the ones
that are gonna recruit the the fibers
that grow the most well how do you
recruit them well two ways right you
could lift heavier [ __ ] right you could
lift heavy weights or you could fatigue
the slow twitch muscle see when you
fatigue your slow twitch muscle your
body automatically has to start
recruiting the fastest ones that hide
threshold ones so that's why you could
either lift heavy weights or you could
do high reps close to failure and that's
gonna cause the recruitment of those
most [ __ ] that's why you could build
muscles you could go muscles doing
moderate weight examples gymnast
calisthenics push-ups people don't hire
right push-ups and building great chests
present workouts blood flow restriction
training sports you know the nucleus
overload examples all right second proof
protein sentences peaks at sixty to
seventy-five percent of you want my max
meaning once you start lifting heavier
than that you don't get but
statistically significant increase in
protein sentences right so stronger men
bigger then once you start going to 80
90 95 percent you wanted my max you will
see more muscle growth but that's not
the case that's not the case with muscle
growth that's not the case of protein
sentences which is what muscle building
is right and it goes to studies here and
there are so many studies on this guy's
I just expect to you know two of the
most concise ones but there are so many
studies on its trainman Nattie's you
name it right look at the first one now
the load no systemic hormones blah blah
determine strength gains in trained men
they've got this is not new this has
been studied for years that's why I hate
when people try to debate this topic
right the second one was this exercise
law does not determine the strength
gains I mean hypertrophy gains in young
man there are so many they went as low
as 30 percent of your one rep max to as
high as eighty and ninety percent of you
wanna relax and the results are the same
over and over again the heavier you live
the more strength you gain but you do
not make more muscle gains than the ones
who are lifting a lighter load but I
going close to failure the next reason
strengthen D training studies is shown
over and over again that if a person
completely stopped sleeping many say
said let's say use the train well
valuing normal value and you start
training but you just going you go to
the gym once a week or and you just
focus on your on your one rep max you
will retain that strap you're gonna
retain your strength but you're gonna
lose a ton of muscle gains and this has
been shown in the lab over and over
again so you can actually maintain your
strength you can maintain it I don't
know you know 300 pound for the power
bench and loose Oz any stronger men
bigger than that means if you could
maintain that strap you could you will
also maintain a muscle size which is not
the case and if so here the weak
correlation between changing muscle size
and strength all right next
obviously blood flow restriction
training right katsu I mentioned that a
lot in my videos where they're building
muscle using 20 to 30% at one rep max
which is extremely lightweight and guys
Bluff restriction training it's probably
the most research topic in a fitness
community in in in hypertrophy world
right because I didn't Enid is trying to
use it on old people people that are
sick and can't go heavy whatever and
they are making just as much muscle and
some studies even more muscle than
people who are lifting heavy right and
the reason behind is again you know you
don't have to literally restrict blood
flow but the reason be honest because
again that behind my size principle when
you're doing blood flow restriction
training you for taking the slow twitch
muscles so your body's kicking into high
gear and recruiting the high threshold
ones and this study here and I want to
put the links in the description this
study here was done on train power
lifters I don't want to hear maybe
they're with newbies no they've done
blood flow restriction training on every
type of the population you could think
about right I've done a no train man
untrained women old people power lifters
you name it and it's the same results if
stronger men bigger
blood formation will not work because
you are lifting base weights before six
in fact a lot of people actually have to
lower their at their desk ramp to be
able to because when you switch some
heavy lifting to bluff or restriction
you surf obviously goes down at first
because you know again it's right for
the skill if you stop lifting heavy you
know you're obviously not gonna go back
to the gym and be able to uh you use
that same way but the apostrophe gains
come on even with a strength went down
inverse direction next strength is neuro
neuro adaptations is really what makes
you stronger
increase in firing rate right increase
in fiber recruitment right or like I
mentioned another video across education
did you guys know you know people forget
about cross education you know meaning
if you curl a [ __ ] dumbbell which
will right on long enough eventually
your left arm actually gets stronger
without even touching away yeah it has
an increase in size so this is another
example where you get stronger on our
left arm what I gained in size right
again X strength is mainly a new
adaptation from experience time practice
practice is something over and over
again so you can see people who are
strong as [ __ ] and only they look like
they lift all right next volume versus
intensity cut in half again I explained
that you could cut intense it in half so
many studies have shown you could cut
into it in half so you could go from 80%
of your wondering max to 40% you won
right max you go from lifting ten rep
max to three rep max right and see the
same size games that is insane meanwhile
if you try to cut volume in half from
let's say five to six sets to one or two
sets the drop in protein sentences and
the drop in muscle size is statistically
significant right so the two are not
even equal it's not even close yes you
need volume you need intensity but for
to say that volume and intensity have
the same level importance or worse that
interested is my point of volume is
complete [ __ ] because again you
could cut intensity in half and still
make tremendous gains meanwhile if you
cut volume in half from the optimal
range so half of that you lose so much
side games right and again I'm sure the
grand for my from my previous videos so
many studies showing that so many again
this is not even up for debate guys next
power lifters in Olympic lifters right
there will tell you for example I used
the Johnny Jackson example where he has
up to a eight hundred pound squad but
one of his weakest body parts was his
legs this is one of the strongest
bodybuilders of all time up there with
Ronnie Coleman and Berto Fox but for
years what kept them from scoring higher
was his legs and guess what he kept
doing squatting heavier and heavier and
heavier and heavier Dan work eventually
you know during his last year's what'd
he do he started scaling back on the way
focusing more on volume our repetitions
and his legs blew the [ __ ] up eventually
he want to show so late in his career
and I was so mad
you guys know I love Johnny Jackson and
I was like why did you take him so long
to figure that out you know so
you gotta put your ego down right simply
Olympic lifters look at the size of the
legs don't get me wrong they're Pequots
right but they also do volume work right
and also their legs look at the size of
the legs relative student strength if
stronger men bigger or let big lifters
who have legs the size of whales all
right and he's got some great genetics I
don't want to [ __ ] hear anything much
unless they have great genetics a lot of
them on performance-enhancing drugs
right and even Olympic lifting coaches
will tell you that when they try to
increase the size of their requires or
they're out there that sauce or whatever
it's obviously help we're moving more
weight you know what they do they're
lower the [ __ ] weight and I start
doing high volume blocks so stronger men
bigger and an Olympic lifter whose job
it is to be as strong as [ __ ]
possible it's only meant bigger and I
wanted to get bigger and I wanted to
increase the monster size what would
they do they would say hey let's just
lift more weight right nope
then reduce the size and they do more
volume instead which clearly tells you
that volume is one point in intensity
stronger it's not bigger right and again
I mentioned the time plus example a
million times you know this is the guy
who people forget at some place actually
crane whether Olympic lifters you
learned a lot of his techniques someone
left from Olympic victory he'll be the
first to tell you that yes he was
squatting heavy as [ __ ] but he did not
start seeing ridiculous gains until he
started doing more volume and this is
somebody who loves to squat heavy yeah
of course the other thing fact he does
the solid factors involved like stairs
and stuff like that but again stair was
just enhance you know your natural
potential so if anything you know people
on steroids would just you know if
stronger man bigger it would just lift
super [ __ ] heavy and get even bigger
right but no that's not the case right
oh so ready ten minutes into this
[ __ ] video well next old people again
you could double the intensity and see
no growth studies have shown this you
could say go cookie I don't figure out
another way but obviously all people
have a hard time putting on muscle size
right I have a blunted response almost
like trained trained on lifters but what
they found out is that if you double the
intensity if you just make them live
heavier they still have a blunt a
response right
Totti sentences doesn't go up as much
they still don't put almost max but when
you double the volume boom the growth
comes back right so if they go from 40%
to 75% or 80% one rep max still no gains
when they go from three
success finally 40 sentences kicks in
and a starting hypertrophy which is
another proof that stronger does not
mean bigger all right next drop sets I
made a ton of video about roster so I'm
gonna keep this pot short so many
studies have shown that drop says gives
you the same muscle size as regular
standard sets suck in some studies even
more but guess what
the group that does regular training
actually put some more strength and I
make sense right when you're doing a
drop so you're actually going from a
heavier weight to a lighter weight so of
course I'll put on as much strength as a
person who's just doing three hard sets
of a heavy weight right but at the end
guess what
superior muscle gains and in some
studies equal muscle gains if stronger
meant bigger than the group who just did
heavy lifting will destroy the group of
the drop sets in every study and that's
not the case in a ton of studies on that
he gots gotta get up right again protein
sentences before strength I mentioned
that several times your body begins to
protein sentences responds immediately
after training where staff can take days
weeks or even months to grow so stronger
men bigger then your body will not start
poaching sentences until you [ __ ] out
stronger it's coming [ __ ] since it
blows my mind are people just clueless
about this it's younger men because you
buy to say you know what the workout you
did today was not as heavy as the last
one so we're not gonna turn on protein
sentences we're gonna wait a few days a
few weeks a few months until you
stronger before we start with these
Genesis and that's clearly not the case
your body starts that adaptive response
starts building muscle right after your
workout
regardless of where you were lifting
heavy or not so conclusion
stronger is not bigger right strength
comes from experience and size Beck
Nettie's are strong because again
they've been training longer and of
course they're bigger right they're
bigger and that's exactly why they
strong people have a backwards
next progressive overload is a natural
process it's a byproduct
right it comes literally from training
longer and from growing bigger acts
progressive overload is not just wait
more time and attention you could do
more reps more sets more frequencies or
the rest periods right grabs a stress
pose whatever right and a lot of
benefits and also I got a mission it's
because last time I made a video on that
people started hating on my man Alice
from
Oh destiny and I have no clue why
because I went back and watched through
our interview from years ago and Alex
clearly said it that he believes in
progressive overload meaning be the more
weight or more reps with the same weight
and got sleep in mine again go back more
center view alex has a cat aesthetic
background so he knows the power push
ups and pull ups and all these things
those hybrid workouts all right so don't
confuse his teachings with just you know
have you a heavyweight look that's the
case he wouldn't have like he said him
anyway he wouldn't have a volume date
and an intensity he just had an
intensity day and an intensity day right
why do you think he has a volume because
he knows the importance of volume and
high repetitions she just tries to
progressively overload on those aspects
or either more weight or more reps so
stop hitting my man I [ __ ] hate that
next moderate weight benefits shoulder
workouts less risk of injury easy
recovery and you can accumulate more
weekly volume when you're doing more
moderate race if you do super heavy
weights all the time trust me
recovery is gonna be you know a [ __ ]
burden all right so guys focus on heart
sets meaning close to failure not to
absolute failure but close to failure
and focus on high weekly value which is
the nuclear solar principles right
frequency all right hope this video
helps guys do this now like the video
let's get this [ __ ] to like a thousand
likes it should always do monetizes my
shakers I curse so much I really don't
care so like the video subscribe to my
[ __ ] hit the bell email me for coaching
HSP training programs or meal plans I'm
outta here
