going on me here all right so the next
oh [ __ ] next question from H again how
to correctly do volume and intensity
days for maximum strength gains keep up
the good work man all right guys so uh I
don't make a lot of videos on strength
because uh number one I focus mainly on
hypertrophy and number two strength is
pretty basic strength is I don't want to
say easy but in terms of like the it's
not as complex as hypertophy in terms of
all the variables involved there's only
three things you want to do to you know
you try you know trying to Inc strength
and again how do I know this because at
one point when I believe that strength
was the only requirement for for muscle
growth I I I study strength like a
[ __ ] and that's when I also
realized that oh [ __ ] you could get
stronger without getting you could get
bigger without getting you know
necessarily significantly stronger but
that's that's that's the topic for a
whole different video um watch that
video If you happen by the way it's
called are bigger does not mean stronger
and I combine the science and the BR
science to explain why you can see
strong ass you know strong guys in the
gym who are not necessarily big and you
could also see big guys who are not
necessarily strong you know I I explain
exactly how everything works mainly
anyway go watch the video
uh what was I saying yeah so to answer
your
question the the only three things you
got to focus on when you're trying to
increase strength simple number one you
want to frequency there's a
misconception out there that low
frequency leads to more strength that is
completely false again on both spectrums
Pro science and science right um more
frequency leads to better strength you
know you don't have to look for go look
at people that you know power lifters
don't bench press once a [ __ ] week
Olympic lifter don't train you know the
the lift once a week to become stronger
at a at a lift you have to do it more
it's just common sense I'm not going to
go into the science about the neurons
and all that [ __ ] and how you know the
the more you do a movement the more you
know you increase the neural Drive blah
blah blah just [ __ ] do it all right
increase your frequency you will get
stronger um and you also get bigger so
that's one uh so increase the frequency
number two increase uh no lower the rest
period I mean that's basic I'm pretty
sure anybody who's uh who's trying to
get stronger has already read about that
right lower the resp I mean I'm tripping
balls uh increase the respirers I'm
sorry guys four hours of sleep [ __ ] you
know [ __ ] with your mind
um and increase the rest periods right
so minimum 3 minutes again people say
how long should I rest you should rest
if your goal is strength mind you this
is if your goal is strength not
hypertrophy you know remember there are
overlaps between strength and
hypertrophy there are overlaps but it's
not 100% correlations right so uh you
want to increase your resps which is the
opposite of you know what I recommend
people that was actually trying to put
on muscle mass for strength increase
your resps minimum 3 minutes if you if
you need more time to you know refresh
and get your strength back your you know
your actually back things like that yes
the only time I would say don't worry
too much about respir if you're doing
cluster sets or you're doing uh rest
balls things like that but in general
you know give yourself enough time to
recover and go back to the next uh you
know for the next set so we cover
frequency rest periods and number three
volume obviously the best strength
programs are not super super high daily
volume right now you could train with
high volume on a weekly basis but for
CNS purposes for Recovery purposes you
know central nervous system recovery and
things like that you don't want to do it
you don't want to overdo it on the
volume in one single session okay so um
you don't have to keep the remember to
put on strength people
forget the body puts on strength super
[ __ ] fast until you plateau and then
obviously there's different ways to
break through those plateus but it puts
on strength way faster than it puts on
muscle right simply because it's a
[ __ ] necessity right uh the body
doesn't know that you're trying to uh
you know just you know have a nice b or
you know whatever across a goal of your
check list it's thinking survival
adaptation things like that so um keep a
simple for strength again high frequency
increase the rest spirit so you have
enough you know you know energy and
strength to go for the next set and uh
lower the volume you don't have to do
that much volume you know to you know to
put on strength uh keep pyramiding
increase the weight you know when you
realize that yeah I'm getting a little
burnt out stop stop right there you know
go home come back a day or two later and
hate that [ __ ] again right you don't
want to over do your central nervous
system that's I keep telling you guys
when it comes to strength it's all
CNS so those are the three things I were
you know I I focus on now your question
was on strength now if you're trying to
combine strength and hypertrophy that
that's where we have to look at the
overlaps for example the frequency I
give you I just give you three things
right frequency rest periods and volume
the frequency part that's an overlap so
if you're trying to put on muscle and
you try to put on strength the frequency
thing works for both camps right that's
why people notice that oh man I'm
getting stronger I'm getting bigger and
think it's because their strength is
increasing no it's CU your frequency is
increasing really and I could explain
that in in different videos as far as
the chemical processes that are
happening in your body uh the rest
Spirit part that's actually the other
way around if you're trying to put on
muscle MK then you know everyone knows
about now you want to kind of reduce
your rest Spirits um and also the volume
part there's no overlap there's no you
know there's no overlap in terms of the
volume recommendations if you trying to
put on muscle mass then of course you
want to increase your volume procession
and weekly volume uh where to put on
strength you don't really need that much
[ __ ] volume all right so I hope that
aners your question in terms of just
focusing on strength now if you want to
combine the two then find a good balance
between the the you know the three
things you know between the rest period
the frequency you know frequency is
always King so that's not going to
change and um the the the volume but
then again I don't recommend people to
chase both
unless I mean again well I shouldn't say
that because you know it depends you
know people want to be big at the same
time people also want to you know be
able to brag about their their lips so
you know I mean if that that's what you
want but if you're training just to be
strong as hell and you don't care about
muscle mass then again stick to those
three things I just mentioned uh hope
that helps I hope I answer your question
if I haven't comment below I'm tired as
hell so kind of like twisting my words
and [ __ ] uh again like subscribe share
comment below love the questions love
the feedback and don't forget to help
each other out in the comment section as
well T Al
out e
