all right guys next guy on the list make
sure you watch the other videos Alex
Alex matter fact Alex just opened a
YouTube channel you son of a [ __ ] it's
about time guys go check him out his
name is Alexander something I can't
pronounce his African last name I'm
going to put it in the description we
used to just call him Alex he's lean big
as [ __ ] knows a lot of he has a lot of
experience he's been Lifting for a very
long time I remember when I first
started lifting um not B just like
lifting weights he was one of the guys
we used to ask a lot of questions to cuz
he was like he had his great physique
and he finally got a YouTube channel so
um check him out want to try to make
cabs with him but anyway Alex used to
come to the gym and just like Ola right
he would do the same muscle every day
right he would do chest arms and like
you know back things like that but we
always saw him doing chess and arms for
some reason he always come in he'll do
like the machine press I know what I'm
talking about he'll do the machine press
the bench and he Stu curling and [ __ ]
and do a bunch of like tiny [ __ ] for the
you know D muscles and leave in and out
in and out in and out every day we be
like what the [ __ ] what kind of routine
is that right he was the first guy to
actually saw doing the full body routine
every day and the muscle that he really
focused on was always the stress and
arms I noticed that he'll do every other
muscle but he'll always focus on his
chest and arms and you want to know
what's the two most dominant muscles on
Alex's body if you saw the other things
you what I'm going to say it's his chest
and his arms you don't believe me go
check out his channel he like I said he
does everything else trains every other
muscle but the ones he used to go hard
in we used to was him like a
[ __ ] you know when you see the
biggest guy in the J was looking well he
wasn't the biggest guy the biggest guy
is going to be next but we just always
looking it was always CH arm CH arm
going in getting the big pump and now
that's like his craziest um um body part
so once again every day overt training
principal check on another natural guy
next guy idea why it work I
just so I get up and do about how three
of how to put on the muscle in 30 days
the reason why I picked a pound of
muscle perfect for [ __ ] right it's
not impossible look very hard guys a
pound of muscle
