hey guys what's going on Megan here so
this video I've been trying to make for
a long time but I figured hey you know
whatever [ __ ] it it it was always
something that fascinated me if you guys
know I'm a I'm a big lover of lions I
love Lions ever since I was a kid I
always been fascinated with them I mean
who doesn't love Lions right they're
badass as hell um Lion King was my
favorite Disney movies of course but not
only I was fascinated with them but
because of my nature I'm always
observing and always studying
researching whatever I I spent a lot of
time studying them I remember I even
wrote a paper about them uh my first
year of college you know before I
dropped out like [ __ ] three times but
um I so I was I always studied them
right and you guys also know my passion
for for you know building muscle and you
know the human body and things like that
so it it was it was bound to happen that
eventually they going words right so I
uh years ago I found I believe it was a
documentary or paper you know think I
was researching like
the the was it the hunting strategies
the lines I what I was doing it's part
of my day routine you guys know my day
routin one thing a day whatever you know
back then I was doing one animal day you
know as well as the country and the
biography and things like that and long
story short I discovered the sick sick
tribal Lions right
that were really like lines of [ __ ]
steroids the females of those prizes you
guys know lines leing prizes in groups
females of the prize were two times the
size of the malale some of them were
just the size of the males on the
mainland right and what I mean by
Mainland this is what happened long
story short the Lions you got uh the
lions were tracking a her of BU of
Buffalo I believe yeah Buffalo they were
tracking her of buffaloes and um they
tracked them into a patch of land and
eventually the course of the river
changed and it Stranded the lines on the
on the island so they were stuck on the
island because the course of the river
changed and they were stuck on the
island with the Buffalo so you have a
you have a PR of lions group of lions
and just straight buffaloes now let me
tell you why this is very you know uh
important contrary to what you're'
seeing on TV Lions normally are
scavengers they don't normally hunt a
lot they're normally scavengers in fact
hyenas who who we know as scaven as uh
you know we know them as scavengers
hyenas hunt and kill more than Lions do
lions actually steal food from other
[ __ ] lions are smart they're
try not to expand a lot of energy so
that they bully other Predators into
stealing their their food and they only
hunt when they really have to and when
they do hunt they always go after the
week you guys no this they always go
after the week they always go after the
babies and things like that so doing
this limits the amount of calories that
they get limits the amount of protein
that they get when they were stuck on
this island now there were the only the
only source of food that they really had
was Buffalo
right and mind you I know you see a lot
of documentary you see lines hunting
Buffalo and things like that that's not
an everyday thing that's not an everyday
thing on this island it became an
everyday thing because of course first
thing they try to do is they try to look
for the you know for the for the week
what happens when all the week were done
after they ate the babies or whatever
little animals were you know on that
patch of land nand was just left with a
big ass heart of buffaloes right huge
and you guys know Buffalo kill lines
like crazy huge muscular animals so the
Lions had to adapt and focus on you know
um hunting only Buffalo so that diet
went from eating baby anales baby zebras
and dead bodies and [ __ ] to eating fresh
Rich big ass sources of protein which is
the Buffalo of course and the the guys
who were observing this Tri remember
that they left them and then they came
back two years later when they came back
two years later and then they saw that
they were stranded on the island they
were like oh my [ __ ] goodness those
lines were massive the again the females
were I'm G try to put some some pictures
on the [ __ ] screen that were big as
[ __ ] man I I watched the documentary and
I was amazed I was like like are they M
stting the fishing or some [ __ ] like you
know again because i' I've studied lines
for so long I've never seen female lines
so [ __ ] big chest was all loud neck
was thick as hell and the SS found out
that that was the exact same prodct it
wasn't like oh no it was genetics
whatever it was the exact same prod
lines and an sentence and the main thing
that CH was obviously they had to swim a
lot because you know of the river but
that's that that didn't contribute to
that muscle mass because you know you
don't get that big just from [ __ ]
swimming and um it wasn't just the
hunting of Buffalo that made them that
big because again Lions do you know they
they all [ __ ] active they don't again
I say the scavenge for food but they
also fight and things like that the main
factor that contributed to that huge
increase in in size was caloric intake
and
protein caloric intake and protein that
calories again I geek out guys I know
exactly how much calories the average
lion eats per day in the wild in the zoo
I mean I have so many statistics on
lions their average calories went up
tfold their protein intake went up tfold
you know cuz remember don't don't just
eat uh uh to be satisfied they overeat
just in case they you know they go long
time without food so uh whereas the
normal lines that we see in the zoos and
on the savanas that is not the maximum
size that's what this thing concluded
they found out the lines that we we
normally see on TV and that is not their
maximum size they're only you know
limited to that size simply because
again of their hunting strategy the fact
that they don't eat you know enough
calories and enough protein and things
like that and when they do kill an
animal the mail line comes in B you know
based on the social hierarchy and he has
first dib so he normally eats like you
know 90% of the [ __ ] food and then
the females who did the hunting have to
follow over the straps and then the
babies just [ __ ] the number the
number one cause of death for baby lions
is actually starvation because there's
like no leftovers that's why lons are so
small but on that island you kill a
buffalo that is food for days and mind
you they were stuck there for over two
years so they had Buffalo after Buffalo
every day on the plate it wasn't dead
zebras or dead it was buffalo meat with
the creatine and the [ __ ] amino acids
and all that stuff the
cholesterol they made gains upon gains
gains upon gains and the fact that they
only hunt the weak first what happened
was they ended up trimming the weak of
the herd so the only thing that was left
was the big daddy [ __ ] long
story
short that helped me realize something
again back to bodybuilding the
importance remember I made a video and I
explained the one thing that decides how
big you be is your appetite because when
I waser you know all the natural buff
[ __ ] I knew the biggest
correlation was the appetite that ate
like
tanks that drilled that point home guys
EA it and that's why I keep telling y
80% of bodybuilding putting on sze
whatever is nutrition eating enough
calories eating enough protein now of
course there are techniques there are
ways to grow you know without eating
some you know this much food and things
like that I've done it myself but dang
damn I really recommend you guys to go
and watch the documentary or you know
look up the it's called the The zaro
Pride I believe uh I know they're in the
Duba planes but I'll try to put in a
description of some excuse me try to put
in a description of some [ __ ] but
definitely look it up and you know it's
a it's a it's a big uh oh [ __ ] seven
minutes it's a big evolutionary twist
you know because it really shock
scientists all over the world they like
you know because everyone thought this
you the size of lions now that we see is
their normal size we find out it's not
that also makes you believe how how how
much how many other animals out there
can be bigger than they currently are
and I simply the size that they are
because of the you know the fact that
the food supply is limited but anyway
like I said look up the story if you're
a fellow geek like me and you like uh
you know Cris crossing different
fields and comment below let me know
what you guys think once you read up
about it uh like the video share there
as always and uh stay tuned for more
crazy videos like this you know again I
like going outside of my comfort zone
and then you know it's not it's not
always about you know talking about the
same things over and over again you know
it it helps to go out and study the
world around you you know amazing
insights you know oh and remember the
three things that I told you responsible
for musle growth that's another perfect
example right there you know the three
ingredients ATP energy amino acids
growth factors those lines on that
island were exposed to all three they
had a ton of ATP from the Cal
T of amino acids of course you know the
protein and the growth factors from
having to swim hunt you know recover you
know longer sleep longer because they
have so much food you know and you put
those three on any person animal or
human you have you know insane gains in
um muscle MK all right guys again hope
this video helped like subscribe comment
share all that good [ __ ] TI dut the
alpha I'm out of here
