that I could be
[Music]
you you give me butterfly
anyway guys what's going on heading to
work and school real quick a quick video
on Fat Loss right I made a video of Fat
Loss so a few months back when I tried
to explain to you guys why so why it's
not that that easy right to lose fat if
you just sitting at home all day right
even if your diet is good yeah you're
going to get some Fout in the beginning
but eventually you're going to Plateau
unless you really really si in your diet
but uh I got a lot of comments saying
that the the the thing that I drew on
the board was a little too complicated
cuz I went deep into some biochemistry
I'm not an expert I just know a little
bit of biochemistry cuz I feel like if
you want to if you're doing bodybuilding
you should know biochemistry right cuz
bilding is mainly biology chemistry a
little bit of physics things like that
biomechanics so just get you know get a
little bit of analge on that this way
you won't be buying [ __ ] supplements
all the time and be food by whatever
comes out so anyway so uh I'm going to
try to show you guys on the screen a
simplified formula of fat loss right
like I said I had one on the previous
video but it was a little too long
According to some of y'all who you know
who didn't know a lot about biochemistry
so anyway um
why it's important to do cardio it is
very important to do cardio whether it's
HIIT or just basic cardio whatever you
got to get your body moving why if it's
simple just by looking at the the
formula of fat loss I like to call it
the formula if you look at how fat
leaves the body in in Biochemistry they
teach us you know it's basic we learned
that in like 11th grade CH I'm going to
put on the screen which is fat plus
oxygen right because obviously you guys
remember from chemistry class you need
oxygen to break apart uh to break bonds
and you know and things like that uh so
CH plus oxygen gives you water carbon
dioxide and obviously energy right
that's how fat is broken out right
that's how fat leaves the body uh um but
a lot of people look at the formula you
know back in chemistry class and we're
like okay what the [ __ ] does that mean
right I mean just look at it guys you
have fat you got to add a lot of oxygen
to it obviously a lot of oxygen because
the fat molecule is [ __ ] massive
right you you know you got to break
every tiny Bond so you got to add a lot
of oxygen to that [ __ ] which is going
to come through inhaling right that's
why when you running you're doing cardio
your body is taking in so much oxygen
it's to break apart the fat molecules
but anyway you have to non oxygen and
it's going to come out the water maybe
sweat whatever you know or you know a
lot of times you don't see the water
leaving your body but mainly carbon
dioxide right the rest is energy
obviously cuz you're running and [ __ ]
but um it tells you that if you want to
burn fat taking a lot of oxygen not just
by sitting here and going but by
actually running you know like why do
you think uh when you taking a cold
shower I told you guys when you take a
cold shower uh most of the most of the
heat your body has to
generate uh to to keep your body warm
comes from fat I think it's like 50% of
the heat your body has to generat to
warm you have doing the coold comes with
fat which is a lot and that's why when
you taking the co what happens to the
moment that that that water hit your
body you go your body is forcing you to
take in that oxygen right you go into
that dick second mode you taking that
the oxygen and then uh it it helps break
up all the fat molecules to release
energy to heat you up right plain and
simple but man my r view
mirror can't see
[ __ ] that was scary but yeah um so yeah
so you got to understand the importance
of doing cardio because how else are you
going to get all that all that oxygen
into your body to help your body you
know break apart these bonds you know
and uh in fact uh I saw a TCH talk from
a a physician cuz he was uh I think he
explained the same formula cuz everybody
seen that formula in a chemistry class
but it never really told us how much of
the fat that leaves our body is carbon
dioxide and how much is water right and
he he did this crazy physics form
whatever and he put it up there I got to
remember the Tex I might put in the link
if I remember but pretty much when you
have ch and you add oxygen and and your
fat bricks AP and leaves through carbon
dioxide and water
84% of all that is carbon dioxide that's
a lot guys that means only 16% is about
water and 84% of the fat that leaves
your body Le through carbon dioxide
right um that's massive that means if
you're losing 10 lbs of fat right 8.4 lb
have to leave the carbon dioxide Believe
It or Not carbon dioxide actually has a
mass you know once you Le chemistry
glass but um if you're losing 10 lb you
have to Exhale theoretically
8.4% 8.4 lbs of carbon dioxide right
whether it's through your nose through
your mouth whatever right that is a lot
if you're losing uh 20 lbs you say
trying to lose 20 lbs of pure fat you
you have to lose about 16 lb 16 to 17
lbs of carbon dioxide so people don't
understand that really the main way that
fat leaves your body is simply through
exhaling right obviously it LS to all
the P but mainly carbon dixy so you got
to you got to do a lot of cardio you got
to do a lot of HIIT whatever it is
whatever whatever is is is good for your
training type that that won't make you
you know lose too much muscle try to
incorporate that into your you got to
understand the way we evolve on this
planet we were always doing some type of
card whether we're walking to to the
hunt whether we were hunting whether we
were wrestling whether we were going to
war whether we were just farming we were
always moving even if you with Kings
Kings were doing sports on the horses
whatever right it's just nowadays that
we have a very sedentary lifestyle where
we barely move and we see the the
negative effects of that where you know
we getting fat left and right not only I
diet not only we eating more nowadays
cuz now you up in your fridge you have
all the food in the world back then you
had to actually go out and get it but
not only we're eating more but we're
moving less guys so uh C cardio into
your you know into your daily routine I
personally do cardio every time I go to
the gym now cuz I really got I got
really fat you know I got really fat
over the days I started cheating on car
back loading got very fat put on a lot
of thing because my you know both of my
jobs are sary so uh I don't I don't move
as much plus school and other things you
know got in the way so uh now every time
I go to the gym you know when I can find
time for the gym I do some cardio at the
end and you know if I don't go to the
gym I such TR do some card even if
you're walking or swimming or whatever
you got to get that carbon di side out
you also got to get the oxygen in right
and cardio is you know one of the best
ways to do that all right guys I hope
this video helps I don't I didn't make
it as complicated as the other one right
I just showed you the basic 11th grade
chemistry formula fat plus oxygen equals
carbon dioxide and water um and use that
to to tell yourself Bruh Bruh I got to
St moving I got to St taking in that
massive dose of oxygen and I got to
start you know exhaling carbon dioxide
which is you know which mainly comes
from my fat all right guys I hope this
video helps go out there and dominate
dominance discipline direction we out of
here y Come On Son
anyway y let's let's make a video and
show how we came these insiders and we
spent like the last 10 minutes laughing
the first one is you have to you have to
