all right guys fact number two make sure
you watch this in order right watch the
first video on fact number one satellite
cells are everything now fact number two
I pretty much I'm going to say
Everything is Everything cuz really
those guys are the most important fact
number two nitrogen
is [ __ ] everything right nitrogen
we're not going to go into a deep
chemistry lesson about this [ __ ] right
I'm just going to try to keep it simple
once again I'm over simplifying
everything right this is not even a
[ __ ] this probably like uranium or
some [ __ ] I don't even know like but
just pretend like this is the structure
right anyway why is nitrogen so
important why do they tell you eat
protein to build muscle right once again
look at the little muscle cell that goes
from here to here and then to here right
I oversimplified it right so first you
have the micro tear from the bicep curls
or whatever then you got the satellite
cells that multiply to the side of
injury and fuse and try to repair the
muscle and then the more nuclei the
muscle has the bigger it can grow right
the nucleus is where the DNA is that's
where protein synthesis starts that's
where muscle building starts the more
these [ __ ] you have the bigger you
can grow and they come from satellite
cells they're the one who sacrific that
nucleus it's like the heart right
they're like oh hey you can have it you
can multiply without satellite cells
your muscles cannot reair and grow so
anyway now why is protein so important
guys because protein is the only one out
of carbs and fat you know it's pretty
much protein carbs and fat right fatty
acids glucose carbohydrates whatever
amino acids right amino
acids are the only ones that contain
nitrogen this right here this nitrogen
molecule you see this I put it in red
right so this is like a basic amino acid
I'm I'm making this [ __ ] up right it's C
I know one thing for sure it's always ch
ch h o CH h o [ __ ] right amino acids
have nitrogen that's what make them
separate from that's one of things that
make them separate from cars and fat see
fat have H once again it's always H and
some [ __ ] you know combination carbs
have H and you know they're all
structured differently but it's really H
C and O right amino acids are the only
ones who have this red [ __ ]
right here nitrogen which is the key for
building muscle kind of like I don't
care if you want to build a break Castle
what is one thing that you absolutely
need bricks right it's common [ __ ]
sense right you want to build a [ __ ]
Treehouse what do you need trees right
protein need nitrogen right peptides
pepti whatever you want to call them
they need nitrogen so when you tear down
your muscles and you want to rebuild new
muscle tissue you want to synthesize new
proteins what do you need yes you need H
and C and O oxygen hydrogen carbon but
you need nitrogen without nitrogen your
body can have all the hydrogen he wants
all the oxygen all the carbon but
without nitrogen it cannot synthesize no
muscle tissue and where do you get
nitrogen from amino acids where do you
get amino acids from protein so it's
fact number two clear
I can't hear you [ __ ] it's fact
number two clear cuz when I go into uh
episode 3 4 and 5 I'm going to build up
on these two principle you got to
understand the importance of satellite
cells you got understand the importance
of nitrogen right it's the key also when
you're going to hear me in the future
mention a lot about nitrogen retention
all that [ __ ] that I mentioned in the
past as well nitrogen retention nitrogen
retention steroids and how they work I'm
I'm pointing towards this thing right
here
nitrogen retention
which is your body's ability to retain
nitrogen so it can synthesize more
[ __ ] muscle tissue right your body's
ability to retain the braks that you
given it notice for to build muscles
you're going to hear a lot about NR
retention protein synthesis cannnot
happen unless your body's at a um
positive nitrogen imbalance you guys
know what that means you know your
body's always either breaking down
proteins or energy glucose whatever or
wasting you know you know througha or
synthesizing protein right when when you
eat protein your body is not going to
use all of it I always tell you guys
everybody's not going to synthesize all
of it that's the what we want but it's
not what happens otherwise you just keep
growing for [ __ ] ever a lot of it
gets wasted we want to increase nitrogen
retention you want the nitrogen to go
towards muscle building right and I'm
going to tackle that probably in like
the fourth or fifth episode just focus
on nitrogen right
[Music]
next lazy person I still am and I
believe that lazy people have the most
potential out of every human SP like the
last fact might be so lazy because the
first one is
believe it or not
