hey guys what going on Megan here the 20
best foods to increase muscle mass and
maximize testosterone while on the
budget and this is the protein Edition
I'm going to do one for carbage and
fasts later on right so if you're a
student or you Brook you on a budget
doesn't matter and you trying to get the
best bang for your buck here are the
foods you should be focusing on all
right the ones that are going to be in
great oi and Max Alli right return on
investment keep in mind a lot of those
foods are great they nutrient
but they are too freaking expensive so
this tier list is going to rank them
based on the return for your dollar
right nutrient wise antioxidant wise
okay so if you only have 50 bucks or 25
bucks or 100 bucks for your grocery
budget focus on the ones that I'm going
to place up here all right let's start
with egg whites I'm going to put that at
low return on in fact I'm I'm put that
very low or egg whites are so low in my
micronutrients uh that is not worth it
right it's just not worth it so if
you're on the budget save your money
great source of protein but horrible to
maximize testosterone right not enough
micronutrients and definitely not enough
fats in fact there's barely any fats in
egg whites next we have tuna I'm also
going to put that at low I'm going to
put that low ri right again great source
of protein uh but very low in
micronutrients and you notice that's
what a lot of Stell users eat right two
and a egg wise because they don't need
as many micronutrients is a natural
they're already injecting testosterone
whether they're on trt or grams of gear
all right so like I always say do not
follow the standard roided bodybuilder
diet it is horrible for testosterone
it's great for them because once again
they're getting their testosterone from
an exogenous Source uh next we have uh
milk I'm going to put that at Great
return on investment milk is Affordable
and it has a ton of nutrients so you
cannot gr you cannot go wrong with milk
if you broke uh next we have way protein
again I'm going to put that at low R
return on investment great source of
protein great source of Lucine great
source of essential amino acids um but
based on the price and the return on
investment I'm going to put that low
right great for muscle mass but when you
look at the micronutrients that you need
to maximize the size on production it is
very very very overpriced now if this
tier list was for only maximize muscle
growth then this will be a lot higher
obviously next we have shrimp same thing
low return on investment right has a has
that's a micronutrients right that a
good for testerone but shrimp is so
expensive and I love shrimp shrimp is
delicious uh but if you're on a budget
stay away next we have Oysters I'm going
to put that at Great return on
investment now hear me out obviously
oysters are expensive um but the
nutrients you're getting from just 30
gram right 28 to 30 is about 1 o an oun
is 28 gram from just 1 o of oysters
you're getting zinc you're getting
copper you even getting Omega-3s um I
definitely think you guys should
consider uh oysters even if you book
because remember everyone says oh they
in expensive yeah but you're not eating
that much you only need about 30 grams a
day right so definitely great return on
investment next we have cheese cheese is
expensive guys cheese is expensive I'm
going to put that low return on
investment actually yeah I'm going to
put that low return on investment all
right cheese is just so expensive don't
get me wrong it has good fats good
source of fats uh obviously it has
protein it has casine um probiotic
Source but too expensive right so if
you're on the budget there are better
Alternatives next we have chicken breast
again lower return on investment it is
cheap but it's cheap for a reason it is
not micronutrient dense it is such an
overrated uh protein
Source great for muscle growth great if
you cutting but terrible for
testosterone next we have tilapia again
even though it's very cheap it also does
not have a lot of micronutrients so I'm
going to put that low return on
investment next we have muscles right I
love muscles they're so delicious but
they cost so much you know and they
trick you guys right when they look when
you look at the price per pound a lot of
these guys include the shell which
obviously we don't eat the shell uh so
I'm going to put that L to investment
right uh they're delicious um they have
a you know they have some taso maxing
nutrients but too expensive which is sad
uh next we have soy come on guys come on
stop playing games uh soy protein goes
down here uh next we have cottage cheese
again low return on investment right
great SAU of protein gr saua cassine but
it is too expensive uh depend on where
you are you know I'm I'm hearing that
some places that it's actually pretty
cheap in that case it'll go to okay next
we have C come on guys caviar that's
going in
low return investment it is too
expensive relative to the nutrients next
we have red meat oo this one hurts guys
this one hurts I have to put red meat at
okay right you know that's red meat
that's you know steak lamb whatever
actually no this one is just beef right
cuz this one is other red meats so beef
yeah I'm going to put that okay okay
right even though I think beef is one of
the most underrated foods for
testosterone and muscle growth right it
would have been in Max all right only
issue is the price guys so expensive and
keeps them going up right uh depending
on the cut of course so I'm going to put
that okay if you're on the budget yeah
you know this one is going to take a big
chunk out of your
wallet but you're getting a lot of
nutrients you know so next bacon bacon I
want to put in low investment right
because bacon is getting pretty pricey
right you know great source of s fats
but again it it's getting very pricey
these days and it's not that dense in
other
micronutrients uh next we have
rotisserie chicken so getting the whole
damn chicken again low return on
investment right great source of protein
it's uh relatively affordable but
micronutrient density is not up there
next we have salmon salmon is okay
salmon is so expensive uh but the reason
why I'm putting an okay and not low RI
is because it is so so nutrient dense
lot of vitamins a lot of minerals and
obviously Omega-3s which almost
everybody watching this video is not
getting enough of so I want to put that
okay next we have liver liver is going
in Max return on investment right you
get getting a ton a ton of
micronutrients and it is so cheap so
cheap not to mention you only you only
need a small amount of liver each day so
definitely put that uh at the top of
your list beef flavor is undefeated next
we have Greek yogurt again I'm putting
that in low it's way too expensive you
know you know great source of protein
right great if you're cutting but too
expensive if you're on a budget kick it
down here next we have chicken thighs
I'm also going to put that at low Roi
right right same thing with little
tissue chicken right it's delicious
great source of protein has some fats
obviously uh but again micro
micronutrient density is pretty low
relative to the items high on the list
next we have organ meat so not just
liver but just other organ Meats in
general I'm going to put that at Max
return on investment you're getting a
ton of
micronutrients you only need a small
amount each day and they're so cheap
right cuz most people avoid them all
right other forms of red meat so that's
lamb that's goat blah blah blah bison
kangru again depends on where you live
I'm also going to put that okay right
it's very expensive right which was
going to kick it down here but the
nutrient density rescues it by you know
one tier and puts it out okay um next we
have pork chops pork chops Believe It or
Not Great return on investment oh know
all the Muslims are going to attack me
all the get out of here guys pork is
amazing very high nutrient density as
long as you're getting it from a good
source obviously uh very very very high
especially especially B1 right B1 which
is Diamond very hard to get Park is one
of the best sources of diamond and most
people are not getting enough
B1 uh not to mention you're also getting
small quantities of zinc and stuff like
that so it is relatively high in
micronutrient density and the reason why
it's higher than red meat it's only
because of the price right because
obviously red meat has a lot more
nutrients than than pork but pork is so
cheap relative to the nutrients so great
returnal investment next we have egg
yolks come on guys Max return on
investment so cheap and so nutrient
dense last but not least we have whole
eggs again Max return on investment
you're trying to maximize testosterone
you're trying to maximize muscle growth
you cannot go wrong with eggs right so
your entire grocery list should rolve
around this when it comes to protein
that is right I'm going to make future
ones for carbs fats fruits nuts you name
it all right guys hope the video helps
join the paid training group we start
the next four we cycle of training in a
few days and don't forget to grab the
ebooks to support the Channel all right
guys I'm out of here
