hey guys going on making here water is
the most anabolic substance after gear
of course and I never thought I'd have
to make this video but you'd be amazed
at how many people still don't
understand how porous not just from
friends families clients you name it
water and sleep are the two things that
I don't play with you hear me said it's
over and over again but water for some
reason people think water is optional or
most people think that getting enough
water when the fact is 75 to 85 percent
of people are dehydrated and people
think dehydration has to be something
like oh I was in a desert for three days
and [ __ ] no you could be dehydrated
just summer workout if I'm not drinking
enough water over a two day time trip
anyway I'm gonna prove to you guys why
water is the most anabolic substance oh
and body builder of the day is as you
can clearly see Lee Haney eight times
mr. Olympia one of the greatest ever
alright so first of all muscle is water
right you need to understand this if you
in this game to build muscle you gotta
understand that muscle is water right 75
percent of your muscle is made out of
water
right snap 75 percent protein it's 75
percent water and your body cannot make
water right so if you're trying to put
you trying to put muscle on your on your
soul you gotta understand that that
water has to come from somewhere
right that's why I keep talking about
it's not optional and again you can see
it's that brain 75% water your blood is
80% water your heart is 80% water your
liver is 85% water the kidneys 80% water
your lungs a disorder you are water next
protein sentences the anabolic switch
that turns protein sentences on
obviously you guys know I'm so I make
almost every other videos about him so
alright
it's sensitive to hydration cell
hydration so when you are just mildly
dehydrated mTOR is blunted right so you
cannot maximize protein sentences what
I'm being fully hydrated and I'm talking
straight white piss to the catabolic
switch is governed by hydration status
so the moment the cells and it's not
just muscle cells also labor and I you
know things like that the moment is cell
senses that the hydration status is
actually
all the catabolic genes turn off right
third thing is fast twitch muscles fast
fish muscles and studies have shown this
have the highest water transport
channels in layman terms fast twitch
muscles also sensitive to hydration
right there's a reason why they have all
these transport channels they need water
and lastly amino acid absorption gas you
cannot yes you're eating your protein
you're getting your whey protein you're
getting your chicken your soybeans
whatever you cannot process that without
water your body's not able to digest
that and turn that into protein without
water and that's coming up soon next
strain for performance mob here here all
the things that are caused but just mud
the attrition keep in mind I said ma
dehydration I'm not talking about I
haven't drink water in two days no just
being one or two percent dehydrated
causes these things and again the
studies are gonna be in a description
you can look at my funeral believe me
one's gonna lower your bench press
all right studies have been done on
bench press squats deadlifts you name it
when you Molly dehydrated your strength
goes up you wanna run max goes down
right lowers your power output lowers
your energy lowers your electrolytes
lowers your pain threshold and I get
loads events are so many obviously if
you can do let's say 10 no maybe 12 reps
you're gonna stop shorter that 50 I do
it simply because the pain is gonna be
too much like it lowers your lactic acid
threshold which is you know again the
same thing has your pain threshold in a
way meaning things are gonna just you
know your set is gonna start burning way
too soon right and that's gonna cause a
lot of you [ __ ] to actually stop
the the set instead of keep going and it
also lowers your fatigue person so if
you mild you have really gonna get tired
and burnt out really quickly from your
workout and you're gonna think oh I'm
over training know you'd be hydrated
[ __ ] and a result keep in mind
low force output means low muscle fiber
recruitment and if you watch my videos
you already know by now if you're not
fully recover your muscle fibers you're
not gonna grow period right and that's
gonna lead to ineffective value meaning
you know say hey I had a good workout
today I'm really you did it because you
didn't recruit all your muscle fibers
next the pump I have a whole video
coming up on the pump because it's
another thing that's very underrated you
know in bodybuilding circles huge
correlation regains right studies
Jonah's over and over again right that
means up to 30% of the games you
actually make from training until my
muscle gains right I'll related to the
the the pump you actually gave him the
work and I can I'm hopefully on this
coming up so stage soon I'm not gonna go
into details too much so no water intake
no pump you guys already know what I'm
talking about
try going to the gym and getting a pump
when you dehydrate it it's almost
impossible right
next thing is lactic acid guys like the
guy said is an osmolar meaning it pulls
water into the muscles right again if
there's no water to pull into the
muscles what's the point
and again believe it or not the bern
lactic acid right and all these things
is highly correlated with hypertrophy
believe it not right
and again fastest most as I mentioned
earlier and pretty much self hydration
means anabolics which is turned on right
so the pump is and does play a huge role
in muscle hypertrophy and you're not
getting a pump without you know being
fully hydrated your hormones again
testosterone and that's not it's nothing
that like a blend of a people do you
think testosterone is affected by just
diet and carries no no the Sun is also
affected by your hydration status
remember guys your whole body is pretty
much water right again the androgen
reach that receptor and I think I have a
video on this coming up as well the
androgen receptor is the number one
predictor of games all right
that's before you even left the way it
is the number one predictor of games
your antigen receptor density pretty
much tells you before you even pick up
away how much more so you're gonna be
able to put on from training which is
another reason why local solar were so
else because the more nuclear on the
muscle the more you can accept it but
that's a whole different video right to
it is up regulated by your post-workout
testosterone so Blacky we should say oh
the testosterone sparked you from
cleaning it you know it doesn't mean
much wrong wrong we find out that yes it
does a regular you engineer acceptor so
the spike in testosterone you get from
your workout that's not going to lead to
immediate growth by the way but what it
does do is it Prime's your muscles and
makes them more sensitive to future
stimulus but I go into more details in
in a video on the topic and again being
behind where it blunts their response
grow formal right dehydration affects
record hormone lowers your igf-1 McKenna
growth factor production lowers your
satellite cell activation
increases my stand and obviously lowers
your hydrogen receptor activity in short
water intake has a big big effect on
your growth hormone production cortisol
oh boy there goes that [ __ ] again huh
my style
low testosterone look glycogen synthesis
so that mean it's gonna be hard for you
to replenish glycogen from carbs after
training you're gonna be insulin
insensitive as [ __ ] and obviously your
thyroid which is a t3 is gonna be
affected by being dehydrated right next
recovery low blood flow to muscles
that's common [ __ ] sense if you're
not fully hydrated how can you expect to
have good blood flow on top of the
glycogen replenishment right and I
commissioned earlier the stress and
catabolic hormones are way higher when
you mildly dehydrated keep your mind all
of this is just my dehydration just one
or two percent all right and again you
can have low at you know low energy
chronic fatigue not to mention all the
toxins that your body gets rid of every
day it needs water to get rid of those
right liver detox needs water your
kidney needs water again all of the
things that we move away from the body
need water and that's gonna affect your
recovery injuries snapping your [ __ ] up
right everyone knows this water helps
lubricate your joints you don't drink
enough water gonna have stiff ass joints
and you're gonna snap you shut up
eventually not to mention the fatigue
that I mentioned earlier that's going to
affect your performance and I've even
have poor coordination next fat loss
this is the funny study it actually
showed that fat people there's a huge
correlation between dehydration and fat
people's pretty much if you take a group
of obese people and a group of normal
[ __ ] the obese group is almost
always the after it and I just think
it's a [ __ ] hilarious thing but in
short
water does affect your ability to burn
fat one there's many ways it does that
one is obviously your appetite right
studies have shown that just drinking
sixteen ounces of water before meal
makes you eat less which obviously is
gonna you know result in faster fat loss
and a studying question the the group
that drank water before every meal had
44% guys that's almost 50%
more weight loss than the other group
that is massive and I was just from
drinking that water because obviously it
lowers your appetite next like I
mentioned earlier it's nice acidity so
your body can process and metabolize
glucose and sugars better when you
hydrate it when you're not but guess
what
insulin resistance goes up and now you
end up with [ __ ] like type 2 diabetes
not to mention it's gonna be fair all
for you to put on muscle if your insulin
is not working properly lastly your
metabolism guys drinking water affects
your metabolism
one of the effects your thyroid
obviously right you guys know Thai
royalty 3 one of the main regular
disease metabolism along with leptin but
also studies have shown several studies
are acute shortness that drinking cold
water boost your metabolism now of
course it's a short label is only like
30 minutes to an hour but a significant
right 20 to 40 percent increase in your
metabolism so obviously bringing a water
temperature back down
that's significant if you keep drinking
a lot of water every day every week on
and so forth next digestion guys and I
made a bit about that Justin just look
it up how do public acid cookie what
allows you to digest food mainly they're
just protein right it's 99% water so if
you dehydrated your stomach acid is
gonna be weak meaning you're barely
gonna digest the protein are you eating
are you gonna end up with a bunch of
protein for its constipation all that
[ __ ] right so remember low protein
digestion means low me know access to
the muscles lower me no access to the
muscles you guys know what that's bad
that's gonna lead right low protein
synthesis physique that full look that
you see bodybuilders half guys that's
water right remember the reason why that
carb up right during peak week it's not
because of the carb this comes out of
water remember the three to one ratio
rule right every gram of carb start as a
glycogen of course post three grams of
water so the reason why bodybuilders
carb up before the show it's to pull as
much water in a muscle as possible right
so that full look you see that's water
you don't believe it guys just look at
stake right grab stake which is really
muscle from a supermarket and cut that
[ __ ] what happens most of the water
evaporates and the [ __ ] shrinks right
muscle is mainly water right and that's
also why do you think's the coins
is that all the supplements people take
to look big you know when I want to do
the Instagram photo shoots and all that
[ __ ] all the supplements that take to
look big look at the mechanism of action
all they do is draw water into the cell
creatine pulls water into the cell Turin
pulls water into the cell glutamine was
water into the cell potassium was water
into the cell glycerol who was water
into the [ __ ] cell you see where this
is going guys it's all about water so
conclusion guys water is everything
dehydration is not cute guys and a lot
of people think it again a lot people
think it's optional oh I didn't drink my
gallon of water today about it's fine I
mean go play for tonight what if you're
serious about your games
drink your water guys my class will tell
you I don't play like when it's we pull
time with Sunday I'm like how is your
water intake right sleeping what are the
two things first two things that I ask
because if your water intake is trashed
there's no point in even trying to fix
anything else
right so what is everything number to do
the hydration check price obviously
people say well I don't know I drink
enough water right your piss right your
pace should be clear right and I've seen
your lips shouldn't be dry right you try
live [ __ ] right if your lips
are dry [ __ ]
chances are you died really right and I
can say drink at least the gallon again
when I say at least it means minimum
people here at least and do then just
think okay that's my goal no at least
means minimum right at least a gallon of
water a day if you're training hard high
volume high frequency no glues overload
all that [ __ ] full body workout try
to bump it up to two gallons right you
actually get some water from foo but
it's only about 20 percent anyway hope
this video helps guys do this now like
the goddamn video subscribe to my [ __ ]
hit the bell because you to stop
notifying [ __ ] email me for
more coaching
HSP training programs and meal plans
Amaury oh gosh
