all right guys video on leptin what the
[ __ ] is leptin right that's that's the
biggest question right now because
everybody's reading everyone that's like
me and is reading articles and new
studies you seeing lepin a lot right
especially if you're reading into the
whole testosterone thing which I'm
really interested in but uh what is
lepin what is left Leon is now being
called it's not new it's been around for
a long time but it's now being called a
a master homeown and I explain to you
guys why really briefly right now
obviously you saw my testas on videos
right here's a [ __ ] real call
Megan um you can't see that in my camera
why I don't know what the [ __ ] can I see
now yeah now you can see okay here's
Megan in fact I'm going to make him fast
my uncle him Megan this Jimmy right oh
I'm definitely not Jimmy Bob here's
Bob all right Bob is just chilling now
obviously his brain is here his balls
are here we're going to focus on his
brain and his balls for now right you
guys know have to stop on SPL
uh you have your hypothalamus P chary
gland your hypothalamus releases
genotropin releasing hormone which goes
to your P3 gland it makes you release
luing hormone and FSH foret FSH luing
hormone goes down to your balls makes
your balls grab cholesterol and make
testosterone through a long you know
transl into DHEA prone much of [ __ ] so
what's the point of all this right so
you know it all begins in your brain
that's like keep telling you guys these
testosterone boosters out there be very
careful because if your brain is not
producing LH and GN whatever you're
really going to you know it's really
going to affect how much testosterone
your body naturally produces so now
what's the point of all this what does
letin come into play now you guys know
what letin does um I call it the stop
eating homeone right cuz when left end
is high it really tells your body hey
stop eating put that whatever it is
you're eating down but most people that
are obese or fat or have insulin
resistance or most Americans have a have
lein resistance meaning their their
leting goes up tells their brain stop
eating but because once again just like
insulant resistance if you keep baling
your cells and your brain with something
over and over again it's not only your
your cells become resistant to it but
now it takes more of it to try to get
the message across so when leptin goes
to your brain and says hey stop eating
you know your fat stars are more than
enough stop eating if it's too much
eventually your brain becomes resistance
to lein so your body keeps producing
more and more lein and next thing you
know you negatively affected why because
when letin is high luing hormone
production and G troping releasing
hormone production is inhibited right so
letin goes up left uh LH goes down if LH
goes down I just showed you guys what
happens testosterone goes down that's
some people that have letin resistance
have chronically low testosterone right
depending on which stage of your lepin
resistance you in so why does that
affect body bodybuilders of course it
affects is guys you lower first of if
you're natural you already have you know
I would say about average amount of you
know testosterone because we also train
a lot we don't sleep enough so Al levels
goes up and things like that so the last
thing you want to do is [ __ ] up your
testosterone not just because lot people
say well it doesn't make a big
difference because you need a lot more
to see gains it's not just about the the
the physiological effects of
testosterone is the effects it has on
your brain you just you lose even half
the amount testone you have now you
notice it in your mood your your sex
drive uh just a lot of effects in your
brain so anyway so how do you stop how
do you keep left in check same thing
with insulin right if you have insulin
resistance then you want your body to
stop you know releasing too much insulin
for a while same thing with leptin you
have leptin resistance you want your
body to cut down on you know the
bombardment of leptin on your brain now
where is leptin um
produced that's why this big belly comes
in the more fat you have just like a
romaas the more fat you have the more
leptin you have right so the number one
way to fix leptin resistance it's
obviously lose fat you have too much fat
too much leptin too much bombardment
less LH less testosterone right so
number one you want to actually lose fat
same thing with Aroma you want to lose
fat that's the number one thing number
two you want to face um like I said
here's a fat cell right and if you have
too much leptin normally it's supposed
to go up and tell you to stop eating but
when you left in resistance it tells you
to stop eating but your brain is
resistant to it so you just keep eating
like most people out there that are
really fat but are always hungry the
when you fat the last thing you should
be is hungry a lot of people don't know
they their left and resistance they're
like oh I'm hungry but they have like
all this fat stores these energy stores
is because they're resistant to leptin
so leptin supposed to say to stop eating
so if you keep eating and eating and
eating even though you're fat lein
resistance lose fat there therefore
reduce leptin that's number one number
two obviously you want to you know cut
down on your sugars cut down on all the
other foods that increase inflammation
right but number one you want to cut
down your sugar SYM with insulin
resistance why you looking at me baby
lose um cut down on your sugars guys if
you want to eat them post workout it's
fine depending on how fat you are
if you're above 15% body fat above 12 to
15% body fat eliminate sugars for a
while right and then start doing either
eliminate fasting or cut back loading
which will allow you to eat some type of
sugars but yeah so number one loose fat
number two cut out sugars cut out other
inflammatory foods number three for some
reason I read that in so many places I
don't know why they say get a lot of
sunlight don't ask me why that said it
probably works I for what I think has to
do with vitamin D because Sun allows you
produce vitamin D which is also a
hormone number four you want to do
Sprints right I'm a big big point of
Sprints Sprints or jump rope guys you
would never hear me tell somebody to go
on the treadmill or [ __ ] you know
walk on the stationary bike right go
like do Sprints right we're made to
Sprint that's why your your ass is the
biggest gluteus maximum is the biggest
muscle right it is mostly used in
sprinting your glutes and your
hamstrings why cuz we're made to Sprints
that's how ancestors survive from
[ __ ] saber to and that's how they H
animals and [ __ ] you have to Sprint most
of us people the average American can go
I would say 10 years without sprinting
it might run a little faster to catch
the bus but that's about it people don't
even Sprint anymore Sprint jump rope um
it's going to help you lose fat as well
and um just eat healthy guys eat a lot
of Omega-3s also a lot of Omega-3s help
lower insulin resistance you get
Omega-3s from um mostly fish rolls you
could take fish supplements but I would
prefer sticking a salmon which is really
high three but anyway um look in the
description and in the comment section
below I'm going to put all the stuff
that helps lower instant resistance not
left end resistance even though they
they're correlated but I'm going to put
all this stuff that lower is leptin
resistance also make sure you check
yourself out with your doctor you know
check your hormone levels and most
importantly check your left and insulin
resistance things and that will really
really make a big difference in your B
Journey it's almost impossible to build
a quality physique if either insulin
resistance insulin resistant or letin
resistant hope this video helps how long
is it um almost 8 minutes are you
serious what the [ __ ] all right guys to
I'm out Thanks for liking and sharing
the
videos the muscle grow faster and I
explained how through b science and
anecdotes came to conclusion that uh if
you overwork right not just over train
even if it's outside of bodybuilding if
you overwork the muscle for for a
certain period of time mostly in your
teens or wherever and you finally after
that you back off and you finally you
know I don't know give it a break and
