hey what's going on megan here how yes
you read the title right how to crush
your testosterone levels to the ground
i'm talking below
200 nanograms per deciliter castration
levels i know what you're thinking who
in their right mind who want to crush
the testosterone levels but you'd be
surprised guys some guys out there
actually want to crush the testosterone
levels for reasons i'll mention later in
the video um but if you the opposite if
you actually want to keep your t levels
high just do the reverse of this list
but long story short here are the top 10
ways to absolutely crush your t levels
instantly i'm talking about within two
to three days and i know this from
experienced guys because i have a funny
story i probably tell you guys some
other day but uh this happened to me at
least two or three times
uh back when i was in college and also
in early 2020 when i just did
a lot of these things obviously by
accident it wasn't on purpose and my t
levels went down to [ __ ] i felt like
crap i was tired lethargic all the time
in fact that went as low as 150 nanogram
per deciliter which is
unbelievably low you guys know the range
is 300 to a thousand
if you want to feel like a king you want
to have a ton of energy a lot of
motivation a lot of aggression uh
positive aggression of course to get
[ __ ] done you ideally want to be higher
than 600 right the closer you are to 700
800 now to grab the deciliter the more
you're gonna feel like superman the
closer you are to 300 the more you're
gonna feel like [ __ ] i was at 150 guys
and sure enough i i did a lot of things
on this list so again long story short
guys if you want to keep your tea levels
high avoid these things if you want to
keep them low
for example even though i don't
recommend trt there's a lot of guys
believe it or not that message me and
they're like hey megan i'm trying to get
trt but you guys know how it works your
levels have to be extremely low for you
to qualify
for your doctor to prescribe so a lot of
people believe it or not try to lower
the t levels which once again you guys
know me against trt but who the [ __ ] am
i to tell you what to do with your life
so this video might help these guys all
right so let's get started but obviously
i'm about to not category right
cut your sleep down to five hours or
less in less than two to three days your
t levels will go down to [ __ ] and it's
common sense again most of your
testosterone production happens at night
so sleep less than six hours maybe four
to five you will feel it within two days
your t levels will go to [ __ ]
so once again for the for the guys who
are watching the video because they want
to increase their t levels obviously do
the opposite
number two once again in i'm about to
nut categories reduce your caloric
intake extremely low right so if you
bring your caloric intake down to below
your bmr so let's say below 1500 you
know depending on your body weight
whatever um ideally around 500 calories
your t levels will get crushed right and
i explain why you know one of the uh
your hypothalamus keeps very close watch
on your blood sugar levels and also your
energy status the moment you dip too low
your hypothalamus starts to slow down on
gonadotropin related hormone production
i mean it makes sense right testosterone
leads to things that burn energy right
increase protein synthesis increase
aggression increase productivity that's
the last thing you want uh when you
malnourished or when you're in a heavy
caloric deficit so one of the number one
ways to crush your testosterone levels
is to cut your calories extremely low
it's the same thing in humans in rats in
monkeys all primates which is another
reason why i'm heavily against
people trying to shred and trying to get
super lean and [ __ ] you guys are
naturally of course you guys are
crushing it testosterone levels next
excessive cardio one of the fastest ways
to crush your testosterone levels is to
do two to three hours of excessive
cardio not walking right just basic
walking that's actually gonna increase
your testosterone levels a little bit
right because it's gonna help you lower
cortisol but running like marathon style
running or just doing high intense uh
cardio for two to three hours that [ __ ]
will spike call the sauce so much
that your tea levels are going to plump
remember guys cortisol and testosterone
are always at odds with each other they
compete for synthesis obviously they
have the same precursor which is
cholesterol and pregnant alone
but they also compete for activity
within the body and binding site so the
more you increase cortisol the less
testosterone your body is gonna make and
the less activity testosterone's gonna
have overall in your body
so two to three hours of intense cardio
that will crush your testosterone levels
again same thing in [ __ ] amazing
training for more than two to three
hours while doing everything else i
mentioned on this list right so
training while you're in a heavy heavy
caloric deficit very little sleep uh
after long cardio this [ __ ] would
actually do the opposite you know it
will actually crush your testosterone
levels keep in mind this is only
catabolic if you in a low caloric state
and you're deficient in the things i'm
going to mention later right don't get
confused training hard training for two
hours there's nothing wrong with that if
you well nourished well slapped well
hydrated but if you're not then it's
actually the opposite your t levels are
gonna plummet uh dehydration i'm gonna
put that okay again this is mainly to
increase cortisol like crazy if you're
dehydrated obviously cortisol is gonna
go through the roof my stand is gonna go
up blah blah blah
and testosterone activity is gonna be
impaired so again you wanna crush your
testosterone levels dehydrate yourself
next alcohol [ __ ] amazing one of the
fastest ways to crush testosterone
production is to drink a fox on a liquor
your t levels will get crushed mainly
through the synthesis pathway yeah right
your body's gonna make your latex cells
are gonna make less testosterone uh
depending on the amount of ethanol in
your body also a lot of the enzymes that
synthesize uh testosterone are gonna be
impaired
in short you want to castrate yourself
temporarily drink a [ __ ] ton of alcohol
x in i'm about to not category guys
remember the stuffing i'm about to not
category other things that are going to
crush your testosterone more than
anything else lower on the list all
right
this one fat intake drastically lowering
your fat intake let's say less than 20
to 10 grams per day especially saturated
fats this will destroy
your testosterone levels right that's
one of the reasons why i'm against very
low fat diets guys remember testosterone
is made from cholesterol right your body
has no other way of producing
testosterone that's one of the reasons
why out of all three macros cause
protein fats the one that has the
highest correlation with testosterone
production is
fat right especially saturated fat
cholesterol intake your body cannot make
testosterone without cholesterol
so many people fail to get that now your
liver will try to make cholesterol to
try to offset the fact that your diet is
very low in it but reducing your dietary
cholesterol your dietary saturated fats
is going to drastically reduce the speed
at which your body makes testosterone
right because once again your liver will
have to overcompensate by making a ton
of cholesterol to try to make up for
your deficiency so you want to crush
your t levels reduce your fat intake to
less than 20 10 grams per day next
also in [ __ ] amazing at the very top
of [ __ ] amazing drastically reduce
your vitamins and minerals right
especially zinc magnesium vitamin d and
that obviously includes sunlight right a
lot of you guys keep forgetting that
sunlight is how your body prefers to
make vitamin d so avoid sunlight avoid
vitamin d avoid zinc magnesium vitamin c
right because one of the things that
your body needs to optimally produce
testosterone is an environment that is
free of free radicals right so reducing
your vitamin c intake is going to make
it so that your latex cells are
constantly surrounded by free radicals
which obviously impair testosterone
synthesis same thing with saying
magnesium you know all that stuff your
body needs all of these vitamins and
minerals to produce testosterone next
competition i'm gonna put that okay
right avoid competition especially
winning don't [ __ ] win the reason i'm
putting in okay is because uh competing
and winning gives you a temporary spike
in testosterone and shortly after that
goes back to baseline so that's why i'm
putting it out okay because uh you know
it's doing the reverse meaning not
competing not winning it's not going to
drastically lower your testosterone is
just going to stop it from obviously
increasing temporarily so that's why i'm
putting it down here right it's not as
effective as the things higher on the
list and obviously the reverse is also
true competing and especially winning is
going to give you a huge spike into
slash one which again is temporary ever
after a while it's going to come back
down unless you win something really
really really big then you're going to
have a
longer lasting increase into size so
anyway watch my video competition and
the effect that it has on testosterone
and things like that and last but not
least i'm gonna put this one at [ __ ]
amazing avoid women especially beauty
women of course at all costs right
because
the research is so clear on that just
being around a beautiful woman being
around attractive women increases the
[ __ ] out of your testosterone in one
study i'm going to make a video in one
step he was as high as i think 70 of
some [ __ ] right the average for the
group was 30 and some of the guys got up
to a 70 increase to put that in
perspective that's bringing you
testosterone levels from 500 nanograms
per deciliter up to 800. that is [ __ ]
massive that is a huge spike and this is
just from interacting with attractive
women
so the reverse is also true you want to
crush it to stop some level stay the
[ __ ] away from women uh you can surround
yourself with ugly ass chick i i don't
know the research behind that one but
you definitely want to avoid interaction
with women like i said especially
attractive ones because that will spike
the [ __ ] out of your testosterone and of
course just like everything else
eventually your tea levels are going to
slowly come back down once you uh
uh separate yourself from those women
but you get the point all right that's
the list if you want to crush your
testosterone levels
down below 200 or 300 nano gram per
deciliter in just a few days
this is the list for you and obviously
if you're trying to increase your
testosterone levels which is what we all
have during team 3d alpha you want to
avoid making these mistakes all right
guys hope the video helps don't forget
to join the reddit see you guys in the
comment section all right guys don't
forget to like or share the video
subscribe and hit the bell and buy my
hsp nucleus of a little training program
it's the ultimate program for maximum
muscle growth it includes full body
workout splits bro splits push pull
home workouts you name it also comes
with a complete guide for macros
nutrition fat loss muscle growth
hormones
including a meal plan it's pretty much
all my 16 years of experience
condensed into one [ __ ] book you're
also going to get free copies of any
future edition so visit team3d alpha.com
and you can use the 40 off coupon code
nucleus overlord or you could just buy
this [ __ ] at full price alright guys i'm
outta here
