hey guys going on Megan here all right
quiz true or false Let's test your
knowledge on testosterone and hopefully
this could also help you plan your
workouts plan your meal plans and stuff
like that all right too much protein can
destroy testosterone levels by almost 40
percent based on the scientific evidence
and again too much protein defined as
more than 35 of your daily calories so
is it true is it false 83 percent of
subscribers voted false 17 voted true so
what do you guys think the answer is
before I announce it I'll give you a few
seconds
this is actually true
um and this has been backed up by a lot
of studies and I want to explain why but
yes
too much protein
even though protein is really good for
you remember guys inferior right
anything that's good for you
if you don't have enough of it it's bad
if you have too much of it it's also bad
right that applies to everything in life
everything in Fitness life
you name it uh the answer is true right
and the the reason is simple so I'm
going to tell you guys the reason why
and then I'm gonna go over the comments
and see what you know everybody has to
say uh long story short if you eat too
much protein right so usually way more
than the recommended one gram per pound
of lean body weight you know stuff like
that what happens is you're gonna have
less fats and with no fats is one of the
most important macronutrient for
testosterone production healthy fats
that is so if you eat too much protein
you're gonna have not enough room for
healthy fats so that's not enough room
for saturated fats not enough room for a
man no unsaturated fats and obviously
you know not enough room for
carbohydrates right now carbs are not
essential right but they're very
important for testosterone production
simply because if you have a very
stressful life a lifestyle or you work
out a lot you exercise a lot you train
hard your body is going to release
cortisol there's no way around your
body's gonna release cortisol to try to
break down uh your protein and you know
fat into glucose for the brain and
obviously if cortisol goes up
testosterone is antagonized through many
different Pathways so the more
carbohydrates you have I can make a
little separate video about
carbohydrates but even a carbohydrates
are not essential they are very
important for increasing testosterone by
keeping cortisol down by freeing up sex
hormone biting globulin
which is going to give you more free
testosterone
um increasing igf-1 and DHT I could go
on and on about that but long story
short the main reason why eating too
much protein leads to lower testosterone
levels in a vast amount of studies is
because you're getting less fats and
you're getting less carbohydrates right
depending on the person of course right
depends if I say if you're not very very
active you don't train hard and you
don't need a lot of carbohydrates also
keep in mind that if you're cutting
um chances are you also need a higher
protein intake to to prevent muscle loss
so it depends on the person but on
average right these poles are on average
just like most studies on average right
too much protein way more than what your
body needs
uh will lead to it to a decrease in
testosterone now the second reason why
it's going to happen is because uh the
urea cycle right if you have if you eat
too much protein based on your genetics
you know embarrassment person to person
uh it's going to be very hard for your
body to uh get rid of an extra nitrogen
right your urea cycle is going to be all
[ __ ] up so your body's gonna have to
lower testosterone because testosterone
also suppresses the urea cycle so your
body's gonna have to lower testosterone
in order to you know improve the recycle
so you don't have too much um ammonia so
that's another reason why too much
protein can lead to issues right if your
liver doesn't have
um if you have too much protein your
body's gonna be like [ __ ] man we have to
get rid of this extra ammonia but it's
very hard to do that through the urea
cycle because testosterone suppresses it
blah blah blah blah so your body is
going to increase color so lower uh
testosterone but there are other reasons
as well but those are the top two
reasons why too much protein can be bad
for you but like I said it depends on
the person depending on your Macros
depends on your goals whatever now let's
look at the comments all right first
comment here's why technically could be
true let's say you eat 80 plus protein
or something astronomically High you
couldn't get enough essential fats and
you occasion correct perfect that's
literally what I was going over any
occasional capsules almost yep yep
um let's see there's also the
correlation thing right most people who
are eating very high protein intakes are
usually cutting and cutting obviously
decreases testosterone in fact it
crushes testosterone depending on the uh
how lean you are and you know how
extended the deficit is but anyway next
35 is nowhere let me see 35 is near
there's nowhere near too much that you
make it just give you too little this
demand this reminds me of that one guy
you always talk about in your videos
there can be too much of anything really
the only issues too much protein is too
little fat uh but you need way more than
35 protein should not be able to fit in
other words yeah so it kind of like I
said like I said it depends on the
person in the macros and their goals
whatever
um but uh over 35 you know for most
people tends to be too high because uh
let's do some basic math let's see
let me pull this up let's say a person
is eating 2500 calories
35 is 8.75. let's divide that by four
that's 218 grams of protein right the
person is eating 218 grams of protein
off of 2500 calories something is wrong
something is wrong right because
you know if you there's no way you're
eating 2500 sorry there's no way you're
eating 2500 calories and you're just
maintaining right
um if you need
you know 100 pound of body weight and
you're 218 pounds you gotta eat at 200
pounds you gotta eat at least three
thousand if not 3 500 calories you know
um unless you're extremely sedentary so
218 grams of protein that's kind of high
um for most people especially if they're
eating let's say 2500 you know calories
but like I said I don't make the video
too complicated it depends this is this
is so situational
um but for most people 35 is too much if
you're training hard trust me you need
carbohydrates and you also need your
healthy fats a knife a person is cutting
like I said earlier then maybe they can
get away with that but I would not
recommend the average person
who weighs you know normal weight let's
say anywhere between if it's a beginner
around 150 to maybe let's say 180 I
won't recommend anyone in that range to
eat uh so much protein that they're not
getting enough carbohydrates and uh
healthy fats and trust me I'm I'm a big
proponent of protein you know because
most people are not eating enough
quality protein which is a topic for a
whole different video
just because you get it just because
somebody's eating 150 grams of protein
does not mean they're getting 150 grams
of quality protein a lot of that could
be from oatmeal and uh you know [ __ ]
plant products and [ __ ] but let's stay
focused um
did not know but it gets true because of
the inverter you curve thingy all right
there you go somebody who watches the
videos you know there's an inverter you
curve to anything anything that I
recommend for you guys anything that I
say is good for you follows an inverter
you girl everything whether it's water
sleep sunlight you know um all the
basics that I say hey guys focus on the
basis focus on the basics everything has
anybody you go you know too much of a
good thing will kill you and even too
little of a bad thing can be you know
bad for you like cortisol I always [ __ ]
about cortisol but if you bring your
cortisol to zero you are [ __ ]
um but anyway
a small man once said what is anybody
you got
all right so he definitely watches the
videos
um it's true I was trying to avoid
protein out of a cost under 10 of your
daily calories is ideal I mean I want to
be that extreme but um I said depends on
the person also if you're booking if
you're bulking then you could be close
to 10 of your calories from protein the
more calories you're getting from carbs
and fats the less protein you need
significantly less
for example I recommend one grammar one
gram of protein per pound by the way
obviously in body weight if you 400
pounds of bees you're not going to eat
400 grams of protein
um or one gram of protein per centimeter
of height so if you're 180 centimeters
you want to be close to 170 180.
but um that number drastically goes down
right that requirement drastically goes
down if the person is in a caloric
Surplus so if you're bulking you do not
need one gram per pound of body weight
of protein you need way less than that
because again because again if you're
bulking the vast majority of your
um calories are coming from obviously
carbs and fats your body has plenty of
energy so it has no reason to destroy
protein for energy if you cutting then
that's a different story but like I said
that's a topic for a different video
um I don't think so in fact I noticed
that during the summer when I was
cutting I would get between 280 to 400
version per day and I was more driven
towards my goals so like I said earlier
like I said if you're cutting it's
completely different and again this
depends on your height your weight
um things like that but trust me if
you're eating that much protein a lot of
it is going to to poop a lot of it is
being just flushed out of the body it's
definitely not going to to muscle mass
trust me
um and uh I think I'm ready to explain
to you guys how little protein actually
goes to building muscle such a small
amount I call it the three grams of uh
the three grams of protein rule you need
three grams of additional protein a day
additional synthesized protein right
Protein that's actually going into
muscle tissue you need three grams a day
to put on a pound of muscle a day I mean
powder muscle a month
think about that to put on the pound of
muscle a month
which is a lot a pound of muscle a month
that's 12 pounds at the end of the year
that's a lot of muscle but you need
three grams of additional protein being
synthesized into your muscle tissue a
day just to put on a pound
think about that for a second meanwhile
so if you're eating 200 grams of protein
a day
I'm pretty sure you're not putting on a
pound of muscle a month right so that
means where is most of that protein
going right a small percentage is going
to obviously protein turnover repairing
your tissues but the vast majority is
being burned for energy which is
so waste of money because protein is so
expensive right don't use protein for
energy
but anyway
hard to eat that hard to eat that much
protein without a with a big amount of
fats unless you're eating rabbits I
believe there's a study about that bad
sauces of protein with the fact that uh
true assuming you can get enough fasting
cup yeah all right all right I have some
smart subscribers man assuming you're
kicking enough fasting cars uh while I
was in a minority here didn't expect it
I heard that if you have enough carbs
you're gonna get away yeah yeah if you
have enough carbs you can get away with
much less than a grandma pound per
but by the way the reason why I
recommend a gram of protein per pound of
body weight is because most people are
not getting enough carbs most people are
not getting enough fats and their bodies
just melting their muscle away but if
you're getting enough carbs or if you
call back loading you know you're eating
a ton of cups to fill your workouts
getting your healthy fats you do not
need a grandma plant for um a gram of
protein per pound and body weight
um
even that even from the gravity to the
museum guys I'm assuming guys from very
recent studies I have not even talking
about all right I'm guessing doctors say
pictures as well I wonder why now for
once this is actually uh not a skiing
from doctors
um I said most doctors are clueless
anyway but it's actually true because of
calories
it's actually true because all calories
from carbs and fat are more important
and more protein you eat the less all
right small guy smart guy I mean dying
can surely chicken I'm on your chest but
I see too much yes but definitely a lot
more than 35 percent
um only if it's causing a very low
carbon effect correct if it's causing
very low carbon fat intake and for most
people if they're only eating 35 if they
if they're getting 35 percent of the
calories from protein for most people
they're not getting enough healthy fats
it's very hard to get enough money on
saturated fats and saturated fats
um you know while also getting the carbs
that you need to train uh if your
protein is high uh let's see um people
things too I should say right because I
definitely I'm very I'm a very big
proponent of high protein just not too
high protein when I say high protein I
mean like one gram per pound of body
weight or close to that that's actually
considered high protein because that's
double the RDA the RDA is like half of
that I think the RDA is uh 0.8 grams per
kilograms which is such a low amount so
when I say high protein I'm talking
about way harder than the RDA I do not
mean high protein as in like oh my God I
weigh 150 pounds and I'm going to eat
400 grams of protein you know
all right uh they say but I don't
believe it no no no no they're actually
right this time
um I hope you Trash Talk meat is a
fantastic question because well without
randomly want to trash truck somebody so
for sex it's a fantastic question
because most people instantly think of
the keto diet
dude this is too long I'm gonna read all
this bro
um it is false but privatizing protein
to a point we're eating that much make
sure you eat less fruits vegetables
carbs uh yeah so you technically right
right again it all goes back to are you
eating the rest of your nutrients
um they also tell you that guys you
can't put all studies in the same
bracket right not all scientists are
evil not all studies are bad right again
you guys are too extreme
um there's a lot of amazing studies out
there just like there's a lot of shitty
studies out there that's why I always
say never rely on just one study you
want to read hundreds and hundreds and
hundreds of studies on the topic
um but yeah don't put all studies and
all scientists in the same category I
mean they're they're slowly studies that
say you should sleep are we gonna stop
sleeping because studies say you should
sleep just studies that say you should
lift weights in fact a gazillion studies
in the last 10 years are saying how much
people should resist and strain are they
out to get us about telling us to lift
weights you know so um be very careful
how you interpret things all right
another protein does not decrease
testosterone levels um I mean the post
does not say protein it says too much
protein but anyway I think as long as
you have your fast and sleep yep yep you
see the energy up all right so long
doesn't hurt but protein can destroy
your wallet because protein is so
expensive yeah it's so expensive
um
especially high quality protein but like
I said if you're eating enough garbage
and fats and enough calories you don't
need as much protein
but if you're not eating enough carbs
and fats then you do need more protein
all right next next
um let's see I don't know the specifics
but I know one thing when I started
carnivore even in deficit I studied it
and
a drastic change in my energy levels and
my sex drive increased there's too many
co-founding factors when people hop on a
Carnival diet
again depending on the person right
there are so many co-founding factors
one obviously they're eating more eggs
than red meat so that's going to
increase your testosterone levels and
depending on how much protein you're
getting uh they're eating less
inflammatory foods they're eating less
seed oils they're eating less poofers
right Less Problem saturated fats so
there's many co-founding factors that
can lead to an increase in testosterone
on a Carnival diet
um and it depends on the person you know
especially if they were very inflamed by
the previous diet
not to mention on the Carnival diet
um the person is getting a lot more
choline a lot more B vitamins actually
there's so many uh confounding factors
so it's not just it's not because of the
protein or your tea levels went up it
could be because of the nutrients
um all right come on now using quick
masks too long most protein shows are
supposed to produce yeah guys again
protein is amazing for you remember the
read the post it says too much protein
it doesn't say protein you need protein
for everything you know in a human body
um let's see
protein as a trusted science Yeah well
yeah see again you guys are lumping all
the size into one category by the way I
can't mention the keywords because I
don't want to get more demonetized and
more Shadow Banning I already am but
stop equating this uh the jab the V word
with signs that [ __ ] was not science
that [ __ ] was all politics it was a
bunch of politicians trying to impose
their words on others and trying to use
signs as a trojan horse right so don't
say oh well look the the the vacc
whatever that's equal to no no they
politicians crooked politicians try to
use science
as you know as a trojan horse to push
the shitty agenda that does not mean
that science as a whole is bad that
makes no sense
but um bad thing hold on I asked to
Google and he said just eat plenty Flex
his arms amazing the lack of knowledge
in this group yeah and this poll is
pretty bad
um protein sources matter in this
conversation all right so I think
answers all the questions
I'm gonna do the same thing for the next
polls so go out and vote if you haven't
already don't forget to join the Discord
or we engage in more conversations such
as this and uh yeah see you guys in the
next video
all right guys don't forget to like or
share the video subscribe and hit the
bell and buy my HSB nucleus of a little
training program she ultimate program
for maximum muscle growth it includes
full body workout splits bro splits
push-pull home workouts you name it also
comes with a complete guide for macros
nutrition fat loss monster growth
hormones including a meal plan it's
pretty much all my 16 years of
experience condensed into one [ __ ]
book you're also gonna get free copies
of any future Edition so visit
team3dalpha.com and you can use the 40
off coupon code nucleus overload or you
could just buy the share full price all
right guys I'm out of here
