going on Megan here this video is from
uh I mean this question is from H his
name is just H all right how to do full
body split and maximize mour all right
so the question is actually long than
that but we'll just keep it at that
maximizing them to all right so again
I'm try to keep this video short um for
those of you who don't know I have to do
this at the beginning of every video cuz
new subscribers every time MTO is the
most important enzyme for muscle growth
short and simple right um it it is it is
needed to put pretty much what is
protein syesis right protein synesis is
putting amino acids from the protein
that you eat together to build muscle to
build new proteins right so your muscle
your chest your back whatever is simply
made out of proteins proteins are made
out of amino acids put together in a
specific I I mention that in every
[ __ ] video but I still get questions
on it every time so I have to keep
repeating myself um so your body uh does
this in a two-step process right
transcription and translation right
transcription is when it goes to the DNA
it reads the the genetic code for how to
put the proteins together how to put the
amino acids together uh it reads the
genetic code copies it mRNA right and
then it pretty much translates it right
that's what's called translation it
translates the code it's like oh these
are the amino acids that we need in
order to build muscle these are the
amino acids that that we need in order
to build the protein and the peptides
that will lead to you know a bigger
stronger muscle so then it starts taking
the protein the amino acids from the
protein that you ate the protein in your
diet and it puts it together boom boom
boom and here you have it you have
bigger proteins bigger muscles now the
building site where that happens is the
ribosome right that's the building site
it's kind of like if you're computer
programmer you got to work on the on the
computer right if you a mechanic you you
need a platform where to put the car you
know if you work at an assembly line you
know you need the [ __ ] conveyor belt
right so pretty much ribosomes is where
the building of protein really takes
place all right let that sink in right
the ribosome is the building of the
protein takes place so all that [ __ ] you
do in the gym all the weights that we
move and lift and the gruning and all
that stuff the eating everything that we
do to build M BS down to the ribosome
putting the amino acids together right
so if the ribosome is so important
then the enzyme that activates that
RoboMe or that creates the RoboMe you
know again Rain King and that's where
MTO comes in you of course I'm I already
went into details all the different
Pathways and enzymes that activated but
m is the main one right and how did they
find out uh that MTO was a uh such a
crucial enzyme was uh if you look at its
name MTO stands for the mamalian toet
repy repy is a chemical a molecule that
stops cancer growth so it stops growth
you know stops muscle MUSC growth and
things like that uh stop cellular growth
and SCI want to find out like why is it
that when you inject that molecule that
compound into organisms they stop
growing so you know sure enough they
went into the the microscope and they
saw oh [ __ ] you know this rapidin
targets an enzyme called MTO you know
well they call it MTO the mamalian
target of repy right that that repy
targets that enzyme and repy you know
neutralizes that enzyme boom you know
cancer growth stops but that also means
that cellular growth stops and muscle is
you know made of cells so cells stop
growing so this is what MTO is again I
keep getting questions on MTO M MTO is
the enzyme the main enzyme that's
responsible for building the the
assembly line with muscle is put
together okay cool so now how to
maximize M uh a lot of ways again I
mentioned in past videos uh but let's
focus on the top three number one
because you're referring to training so
let's use let's use a training uh
context number one is frequency right
obviously you want to trade more
frequently that's why I'm always
preaching nucle of load high frequency
training whatever you want to [ __ ]
call it train that muscle more
frequently right that's going to lead to
the activation of MTO the growth factors
that activate MTO things like that right
um so that's the first thing train more
frequently you can't I mean if you're a
beginner yes you can get away with
training once a week twice a week
whatever when you advance you need to
not even Advan intermediate to advance
right past your first year first two
years you need to hit that muscle more
frequently to see ridiculous growth so
frequencies number one that will help
you maximize them to but you doing full
body training so that you know you
pretty much to can care that the second
thing is again stretching exercises I
can tell you guys the number one
exercises for muscle building of
stretching exercises b n i could make
separate videos on it which I have in
the past you know as far back as 2012
but if you want I'll I'll make more
stretching exercise and I explain you
what you know I explain exactly why the
signs behind it the broad signs behind
it like I like I always do but show
string exercises are the king of muscle
growth you know of muscle building you
know exercises simply because you know
they maximize M you know activation that
in fact they increase MTO more than
every other form of you know exercise
like concentrics isometrics things like
that you know that's why I keep saying
you know you want a b a bigger chess
heavy ass dumo flies on top of your
normal you know chest training you want
big traps heavy ass rack pools you know
you want [ __ ] you know uh bigger
biceps incline curls and preacher things
like that anything where you emphasizing
the negative portion of the movement or
you stretching the [ __ ] out of that
muscle right so that's the second thing
make sure you exercises obviously you
want to you want to do what I you know
the three exercises I always talk about
you want to do a heavy compound movement
the stretching exercise and then the you
know at the end you could [ __ ] around
with the occlusion exercises but make
sure you're doing that stretching
exercise so that's going to take care of
um of uh part
two um
by the way that's what I mean in the
messages when I say do uh HSP training
when I'm always like HSP training HSP
training is is simply the training
protocol that I use when I'm training
people or when I'm trying to you know
increase muscle mass which is simply HSP
heavy stret pump right so that's not a
question I get a lot I might make other
videos in that all right the third thing
is you want to do is obviously reset
your M to and I keep telling you guys
take breaks take breaks from the gym man
I mean the pro science confirms it the
science confirms once again you have the
two KS meeting you you know and I'm not
talking about just Del loading I'm
talking about take periods of time when
you just don't [ __ ] train and you
just eat well and let your body you know
train because over you know it's just
like every other enzyme in the body over
stimulation of an enzyme lead your body
you know becoming desensitized to it so
MTO becomes weaker and weaker the more
you over sensitize it and when you take
breaks it resets it become sensitive
again when you get back in the gym not
only you you know you get back the gains
that you tempor lost but you grow
further more you know because M you know
is resensitized so those are the top
three things I would do to maximize M
right um obviously there's a lot of
other things but this video I just want
Fus on the top three because I'm always
making videos at M to right just go back
go to my video search top mour and
you'll see you
know beating that topic over and over
again but again I I understand there's a
lot of new subscribers not everybody not
everybody likes to go back and look at
old videos and things like that so hope
that anwers your question as opposed to
you know I mean regarding maximizing him
so so guys I'm tired as hell I'm getting
like four hours of sleep [ __ ] me um
so yeah lift heavy stretch heavy stretch
movements because you can't really
stretch the muscle if you you know
lifting light uh reset your MTO you know
and
um the [ __ ] train free on me all
right guys like the video subscribe if
you haven't share if it might help
someone and um don't forget to comment
your questions and also helping each
other in the comment section I really
like that I like reading the comment
seeing people sharing their ideas and
tips and stories and things like that
right team 3 Alpha
Dominic
