all right guys what's up team
3D Alpha on Deck all right finally The
Call backloading video a lot of you guys
keep blowing up my mail wanting to know
more about the diet like I said I'm
going to have to split this into two
videos part one is going to be the basic
breakdown cuz there's a lot of science
involved to convince the ones who still
don't believe in it but once again
matter of fact I'm not trying to
convince anybody that's the diet I'm
doing that's the diet Hans is doing
that's the diet uh my room that's that
everybody that's in my circle is doing
right now because at first we we read
about it and we're like nah this [ __ ]
sounds a little too crazy too good to be
true and you'll never see that [ __ ] in
the magazine I'm saying it's completely
opposite of what you read in magazines
but then I was like you know what you
guys know me I'm very curious and I hate
saying something that's not work if I
never [ __ ] tried it I don't care what
the nor I'm say so I gave it a try and
as you you guys can't see if you've been
following me for a long time when I
started doing that carback loading [ __ ]
look at my videos and look at the level
of definition that came on my body from
the time I started doing it till now I
started doing carback loading right
after epic video epic unboxing number
the one where I got the beats in I think
it's number four so look at my physique
in the videos before that and look at my
physique after that I actually don't my
physique now cuz I just got back from
France I ate like a [ __ ] pig so put
on a lot of fat as you can tell my six
pack is you know go going in but anyway
so um the results be for themselves also
hanza look at the video of hanza when
when when I made the first um bucking
update when he was 204 lb and he had
like the love handles bulging out and
look at the videos of hza two weeks
afterwards which is the one I made when
I came back cuz when I was in France he
was doing callback loading so he was
like the test subject but when I came
back not only did H put on two to three
more pounds we we'll make the video
showing you guys but the love handles
went down
that literally went in you can literally
watch the video If you don't believe me
so now you tell me how that works he's
they tell you in call back loading
you're going to lose fat and you're
going to put on muscle which which
sounds crazy and it's exactly what
happened if somebody's weight goes up
and his body fat percentage goes down
and his veins come out of you know a lot
more think about it hint hint but anyway
so he put on two three you know two to
three pounds and his fat is going down
and also for those of you who saying oh
maybe he was sucking his stomach and
[ __ ] idiot how the hell do you suck
your [ __ ] love handle
if you know how to do it show me how to
do that I don't know how to do it but
anyway call back
loading K me
