on Meg here so this video is why I um is
why I always say that Leon is the king
of all hormones right if you guys watch
my videos you notice that I'm always big
on fixing your hormones first hormones
come first man I don't care what you eat
I don't care what your calories are I
don't care what your micros are if your
hormones are [ __ ] up you're not going
to get optimal results right because
hormones are the messages of the body
they tell the body hey build muscle hey
burn fat that comes first okay calories
and maices all that [ __ ] that's very
important but all that does is
manipulate hormon so you want to the the
the end result is hormone manipulation
right and one of the question that
people ask is how come I'm always
mentioning leptin right the hormones
that I always mention is leptin insulin
testosterone cortisol and thyroid those
are the five most important hormones for
you know our situation people are trying
to build muscle fat things like that and
the reason why I say leptin is the king
of all hormones because if you go back
to my video how I explain the the way
your body operates as like you know two
tanks you have the BMR tank which is the
you know you know the basic [ __ ] right
this tank takes care of keeping you
alive um in terms of caloric intake and
things like that keeping you alive uh
keeping your you know your brain
function you know I mean pretty much all
the basic [ __ ] if you're just laying on
the bed on the coma whatever your body's
going to R out on this tank right the
second tank is all the extra [ __ ] I call
it the bonus tank right that's
testosterone production muscle mass
energy levels through the roof feeling
great happiness you I mean all all of
that [ __ ] right all the extra stuff
that's in the segmentary the body is
obviously not an idiot right it's a
great economic machine just like you
wouldn't spend money on video games and
and uh expensive luxurious item if you
broke in the exact same way your body is
not going to invest into this tank
unless the fixed cost taken care of
right so that's kind of like your rent
and things like that I'm pretty sure you
you pay that first before you go by to
new Jordans right so if your first tank
is not optimized if it's not full if
it's like [ __ ] 30% here or 40% here
your body is not going to put jack [ __ ]
into this one it's going to put a little
bit of course but you know I'm trying to
keep you know keep things simple it's
only when this first tank is optimized
that your body begins to invest into the
the luxurious stuff which is you know
your hormone production right your
hormone
now you're good hormones of course and
um you know your strength all those
things now the body needs a way to gauge
if the first s is Tak care of and your
body uses leptin for that right
obviously leptin is a hormone that's
released from the fat cells right um
leptin comes out of your fat cells goes
to the hypothalamus hypothalamus is the
master regulator of metabolism it's the
master regulator of everything that we
always talk about all the hormones
muscle mass you know F all those things
right right you know your mood your
aggression your your everything it's the
hypothalamus in the brain right so left
thing goes straight to hpus like hey we
have you know obviously if you see me Mr
hypothalamus because I come from fat
that means that we have enough fat right
that's how the body sees it so the more
fat you have the more leptin you have
right so leptin sells the brain all
right we have enough calories the first
tank is complete now you can start
investing into the second tank so that
goes all right let's get it popping so
he calls his homeboy the pituitary gland
and he goes all right stop producing a
whole bunch of [ __ ] right you know
thyroids and you know um the stuff that
releases thyroids that releases growth
hormone that releases you know
testosterone I mean everything that
makes the body grow
right that needs Leon in order to happen
that's why I say Leon is king of with
hormones because when your letin levels
are too low because you eating too
little calories or you're not getting
enough carbs or whatever um or your cups
are way too low like most people you
know eat and your cortisol is too high
whatever when your letin can't get that
message over to the hypothalamus so now
you can't invest into that second T so
so you see why letin is so [ __ ]
important right and then if you have
lein resistance that's even worse people
that are obese and have lein resistance
what's happening is yeah they have so
much fat that the leptin keeps
bombarding the hypothalamus like oh you
know we fool we we fool eventually your
hypothalamus is like hey [ __ ] you just
like inent resistance it's like hey I'm
not listening to you anymore you know so
now the hypothalamus does not listen to
leptin and what happens the hypothalamus
does not tell this homeboy pituitary
gland to start releasing all the temp
two [ __ ] you know the stuff that's going
to increase your thyroid stuff that's
going to increase your your testosterone
and things like that you know so lein is
really at the you know on top of all the
[ __ ] homos that's also why people
that are too [ __ ] shredded and too
lean notice that the sex drive goes down
you know because guess what you you too
lean you don't have enough body fat you
don't have enough body fat you don't
have enough leptin so you don't have
leptin to go tell the brain hey we have
enough calories go ahead and stuff
filling the second tank all right so I
hope that kind of paints a bigger
picture of what lepin does of course it
does a lot of other things that I'm not
going to go into details you know new
peptide Y and you know inflammation all
these things but this is pretty much the
G of it understand just this Basics this
basic part of leptin and you know you'll
finally understand why I keep saying get
some blood work done you know like check
your Lapin levels make sure you have
this this and that because that's all
the [ __ ] balls down to you know
that's why I get so when people say it's
all about calories it's all about macros
no it's [ __ ] you know people that
have all these issues track the maicos
they track the calories but yet they get
no results because to have fundamental
issues they have to deal with first fix
that first then we can talk about
calories and macros and whatever else
all right so I hope that answers your
question subscribe if you're new like
the read if you [ __ ] with Team 3D and
comment your questions below don't
forget to help each other out in the
comment section all right I'm out of
here for
