hey guys what's going on y'all won't
believe this it's only been a week since
I started doing this wave vest thing and
let me show you how much I weigh already
remember guys I was always 194 195 I
never the heaviest I ever was was
197 um that was months ago but my my my
average was 194 195 and then a week ago
no not a week ago uh yeah about a week
ago I started doing that West thing
after I got the email for my subscriber
I made a video about that I'm going to
upload it soon by the time you watching
this I think I would have uploaded that
video already but anyway I was 194 and
then I started doing weight resting
obviously I told you guys uh I was
trying to like lose weight so I'm
wearing this for my heart and I use it
for my jump roping I used to do that you
know every morning anyway and I the only
difference is now after jump up in and
spinning I would keep it on and it makes
my breathing crazy cuz I'm fat as [ __ ]
uh it gets heavier throughout the day
you know cuz I get more and more tired
but then I didn't I didn't check my
weight for an entire week and then three
or 4 days ago from my uncle left from
New York he's like you know just weigh
so I decided to weigh myself and I was
200 lb and I was even trying to get up
200 I pretty much I had quit on that
[ __ ] guys I started getting lean already
cuz I was like man it's impossible to
get a 200 I'm too fat the more I eat the
bigger my stomach get and so I get on
the scale one night after stuffing my my
I went to bur King and I I step on in
I'm 200 100 lbs right and I call H and
my uncle you know take a look at it and
I fig you know what maybe it's the
Burger King so the next day I weit my
stuff again cuz normally the next day
you lose all that [ __ ] and I was 199 and
now it's been 4 days in a row now where
every every single day I'm 200 lb I'm
not below never more never below even in
the morning even if after I take a [ __ ]
I'm like
199.000 lbs and that's after it's funny
how huh that that rock Le thing when he
said if you throw a rock at a at a if
you throw a rock at a pole trying to hit
it you would never hit it but if you
just throw randomly somehow you hit it
that's how life Works [ __ ] horrible
sense of humor the one time I quit on on
my book I Quit being 200 lb cuz I was
stuck at 194 forever and I try to
actually put on this weight vest and
lose weight by doing more jump prop more
sprinting I actually gain weight and my
diet a change at all let me show you
guys okay you see this thing about to
take the wave s off and me and H up
being like investigators we know we we
trying to figure out how this phenomenon
is taking place and obviously it's
because we theorize you know your body
is trying to compensate for the actual
weight so it makes you bigger all right
now I'm holding the camera so it might
be a few ounces more
but let's
see see that 20.6 let me zoom
in can you guys see I don't think you
can see all right hold on hold hold the
do hold on let me zoom out all
right yeah it's good luck yeah ch
is it
on is it on 200 yeah yep official guys
200 lb and I'm trying to get leaner so
I'm definitely keeping that wave rest on
for as long as possible and if I stop
getting weight I'm actually going to
increase the weight on it and I'm going
to go online and do my on my Shir like
homes mode and try to figure out exactly
why my body would put on so much weight
in only about a week and a half from me
adding on weight to my to my back so
does that make does that me I mean it's
it's gonna it's gonna lead into new
discoveries I'm G start going crazy on
my mean research mode I figure out how
this how this is happening I mean I'm
putting this on to lose weight and I'm
gaining weight but anyway stay tuned
guys all right guys what's up now I know
you I know you're looking confused kind
of like what's this video All About
we're looking like a burnt version of
the H twins right now but anyway I want
to tell you guys I used to I inbox a lot
of my subscribers a lot of you guys have
been with me from the beginning and you
guys message me a lot and you know we
have conversations on Facebook whatever
and sometimes I forget that um I'm TR
