and one of the participants i call him
the ultimate chad you ready for this he
got a 109
increase in testosterone
hey what's going on megan here this is
how crucial clapping cheeks is
for your well-being your energy levels
and your mood
as a human being as a male so in this
interesting study they looked at two
groups of people the first group was
what i call the peeping time group so
they went to the sex club
and they were just peeping right they
didn't interact with the women they just
looked right some cuck [ __ ] meanwhile
the second group actually got involved
right so you got the peeping time group
and you got the cheat clapping group
that's the group that actually
i can't say the word because because
youtube and the algorithm is so
sensitive these days but they got it in
right and the scientists wanted to see
what the rise in testosterone would be
in both groups now to put in perspective
guys the biggest spike in testosterone
you're gonna get from
the best testosterone booster out there
if it even [ __ ] works it's about 10
to 15 right anything that gives you a 15
maybe 20 boost in testosterone is huge
to also put in perspective lifting
weights doing a hard session a high rep
squat so
dead lifts is going to increase your
testosterone by about 20 right at the
very high end of that's probably 25 to
30 percent in some studies but anything
that increases your testosterone by 10
or 30
is huge right so that's taking somebody
that has testosterone levels of about
500 nanogram per deciliter and bringing
them up to let's say
600 nano gram per deciliter that's a 20
increase so what do you guys think
before i actually show you guys the
answer what group do you think got the
highest testosterone spike and how big
do you think the spike was well let's
see the first group
11 increase in testosterone so the
peeping tom group the group that just
stayed behind i mean that blows my mind
why the hell would you go to a sex club
or just stay there and watch but
again different strokes with different
folks this group got a 11 increase in
testosterone right so the testosterone
levels were about 500 nano gram per
deciliter which is somewhere around the
average
it went up to maybe 550. the group that
actually clapped cheeks the group that
did what men are supposed to do on this
planet the very reason for our existence
got a 72 percent increase and keep in
mind this is on average
a 72 increase in testosterone guys this
is
massive if you know a thing or two about
to start small like i said 10 to 30
percent is huge
70 percent that is unheard of there's
not a supplement out there there's not a
workout protocol out there there's only
one study in the entire literature and
you guys know i've been studying
testosterone in the human body for over
a decade there's only one study out
there uh and that's that was actually a
very very very brutal high volume
workout where the subjects got an
increase in testosterone i came close to
100 right so it's almost unheard of 70
there's not a supplement out there that
would give you that naturally of course
and there's not an activity out there
that would give you this i should say
there are very few
70 increase now to put that in
perspective that's taking testosterone
levels that are about 500 nano gram per
deciliter and bringing them to almost
900 right to about 860. that is taking
you from the average level to the
borderline elite 90th percentile for our
generation of course now of course this
was short-lived you know this wasn't you
know it's not like you're going to get a
72 percent increase and then uh come
home and keep those levels after you
ejaculate and after you uh you leave the
scene your testosterone levels will come
back down but this is insane and one of
the participants i call him the ultimate
chad you ready for this he got a 109
increase in testosterone i mean think
about it guys that is going from 500
nano gram per deciliter to over a
thousand just from clapping cheeks
and which is why i say time and time
again guys nothing
nothing will fulfill you make you as
happy and energized and confident as a
male than tree clapping nothing
and don't get it twisted this high spike
in testosterone has huge effects within
seconds or minutes on your brain
circuitry right on your neuron because
remember testosterone has many many many
pathways one is obviously the slow
pathway which is through the androgen
receptor which actually takes a while
that's the pathway that we use to build
muscle and and get swole but the other
pathway is the non-genomic pathway which
is within seconds or minutes right
that's the pathway that gives you
increased strength increased
concentration increased mood
increased energy levels right the
feeling of well-being that people report
when they're on high levels of
testosterone or trto or even when you
were a teenager that happens within
seconds to minutes that's superman
feeling and the only way you're gonna
get your testosterone levels this high
naturally that is of course and have
those effects last for a few minutes up
to an hour
is by clapping
cheese
now i'm obviously going to make videos
on all the different activities that can
give you a big spike in testosterone for
the mental benefits like i said mood
well-being anti-depressant
effects of cheat but very few of them
in fact almost none come close to these
numbers the most you're gonna get is
anywhere from 11 to 30 percent for most
activities now of course i'm not telling
you guys to go to [ __ ] sex club right
this is just a study i'm just giving you
guys the biology of it all but the point
i'm trying to make is the same have an
active sex life guys
if you don't believe in having multiple
partners that's fine you know settle
down find a girlfriend an attractive
girlfriend you know do whatever floats
your boat but i highly believe
and it's backed up by a ton of studies
and empirical evidence that as a male on
average of course there are liars right
you would never maximize well-being
overall happiness and satisfaction if
you're not engaged in sexual behavior on
a regular basis right watch my video on
nofap you know i go into the details
it's literally at the core of our
biology at the core of our physiology
and it's literally the reason why our
bodies produce testosterone is to
ultimately reproduce now are there
exceptions to the rule of course right
there are some people who are just fine
uh not clapping cheeks but there's also
some people who made themselves
comfortable being miserable and come up
with excuses every time as to why
they're not getting laid right stop
making excuses get your life back
together and go out there and compete go
out there and get involved i obviously
use protection and i don't want to hear
nothing about all my religion my own you
guys are just coping right because your
religion social not to lie but you
[ __ ] lie your religion tells you not
to be me but you beat your meat your
religion tells you not to steal but you
still right you guys do a lot of [ __ ]
that's forbidden in your religions so i
don't want to hear about oh the reason
why i'm not going to be treats because
i'm saving it for marriage but my
religion [ __ ] off right stop being a
hypocrite right just come to the fact
that you're not where you want to be in
life and simply get there stop blaming
your looks stop blaming female
preference just go out there and compete
work in your body work on your finances
work on your mentality work on your
social status and trust me the doors
will open for you to clap cheeks and get
70
increases in testosterone and if you're
lucky enough like ultimate child over
here you might even experience that 100
boost
from time to time but anyway guys i'm
gonna go into more details on uh maybe
the next episode of sex talk saturday
but for now i hope this video helps you
guys in the comment section join the
tick talk and the reddit where we have
more of these conversations all right
i'm out of here alright guys don't
forget to like or share the video
subscribe and hit the bell and buy my
hsp nucleus of a little training program
it's the ultimate program for maximum
muscle growth it includes full body
workout splits bro splits push-pull
home workouts you name it also comes
with a complete guide for macros
nutrition fat loss muscle growth
hormones including a meal plan it's
pretty much all my 16 years of
experience
condensed into one [ __ ] book you're
also going to get free copies of any
future edition so visit team3d alpha.com
and you can use the 40 off coupon code
nucleus overload or you could just buy
this [ __ ] at full price alright guys i'm
out of here
