so now you might wonder what what goes
up here what goes in about some other
category you guys guessed it right
anything that's high
hey what's going on megan here all right
you guys requested this last time before
my break
or tearless on fats right the best fats
for muscle growth fat loss or just being
healthy in general fats are the most
underrated macronutrient right everyone
knows the importance of protein and
carbs but many people underestimate the
importance of fat that play way too many
crucial roles in the human body from
protein sentences lowering protein
breakdown helping with bowel digestion
immune system brain function insulin
sensitivity cell membrane fluidity and
obviously your heart health i mean the
list goes on and on i could make an
entire video breaking down every single
benefit of every single type of fat but
long story short fats are too underrated
and it must be an important part of your
diet but like with all things not all
fats are created equal so let's rank all
the different types of fats i'm about to
not obviously that's the ones that you
want to prioritize in your diet pure
garbage are the ones you want to stay
away from all right so i kept this list
down to just the top ten
and i included the categories for the
ones that i've not included here right
so for example trans fats i receive pure
garbage right so if anything is high in
trans fats you know where it's going to
go monounsaturated fats obviously
[ __ ] amazing
again if you want separate videos
explaining the benefits of each
different type of fat let me know
saturated fat i'm gonna put that okay
and i'm gonna explain why it's gotten a
bad rap over the last few years
but most of it is bs
right saturated fat is not bad for you
again it's all in moderation it depends
on your activity level and a bunch of
other things but anyway next
polyunsaturated omega-6 fats believe it
or not i'm gonna put that one bad
not that you should avoid it obviously
it's an essential fat your body doesn't
make it right so you obviously need to
get it from your diet but the reason i
put that bad is because you need to eat
less of it right most people out there
over 90 percent of people are getting
way too many omega-6s relative to you
guessed it omega-3 i'm about to not
category you guys know on this channel i
do not play with omega-3 fats they are
too
too [ __ ] crucial too goated too many
benefits brain health heart health
muscle growth fat loss
i mean it is literally the mvp
of all the different types of fat right
obviously i'm not going to mention omega
7 omega 9 where i got to keep this video
short and to the point
but this is where the top five most
popular fats rank
you want a diet that's very high in
omega-3 remember you want your omega-6
to omega-3 ratio to be around 1-1 no
more than 2-1 followed by
monounsaturated fats obviously for heart
health and a bunch of the other things
that i mentioned saturated fats again
mainly for testosterone production and
keep in mind your brain is mostly
comprised of saturated fats right so you
don't want to completely eliminate
saturated fats you obviously want to eat
it in moderation right saturated fats
are not the enemy it's your shitty
lifestyle your shitty diets and the lack
of the other healthy fats that make
saturated fats bad for you guys next
polyunsaturated fats will make it six
again i don't like putting in my bad
because a lot of you guys are gonna
think oh my god i shouldn't get to make
a six no mega six are actually good it's
just most people eat too many omega-6
fats all right so that's what i'm
putting in that bad it simply means try
to eat less of it compared to what
you're already doing
right in order to facial omega-6 omega-3
ratio
right but they're not really bad right
they have a lot of benefits in the human
body
including obviously heart health and
things like that and obviously trans
fats right just avoid trans fats um in
general and again not all trans fats are
bad you know like the ones that are
naturally occurring uh you know have
some benefits but again for simplicity's
sake when i say trans fats i'm referring
to the man-made
bad trans fats all right so let's finish
the list avocado what do you guys think
goes well think about it avocado very
high in monounsaturated fat [ __ ]
amazing
next almonds also very high in
monounsaturated fat
[ __ ] amazing
vegetable all right so
ninety percent of the oils that are
sitting around uh you guys catching this
[ __ ] very high in omega-6 so again bad
try to get less of this right they're
way too prone to oxidation and damage
and yeah so i'll make it threes but like
i said the benefits omega three
far away the the guns next butter right
dairy fat very high saturated fat so i'm
going to put that okay right you
primarily want to use that to cook since
i have such a high melting point
relative to obviously uh vegetables next
you have egg yolks again i was gonna put
those out okay but to be honest i'm
gonna put that at [ __ ] amazing um not
just because keep in mind this is mainly
high saturated fat right so it normally
belongs here
but the reason i'm putting here is
because
egg yolks have so
so many [ __ ] nutrients right
especially choline
which if you bodybuilding if you're
lifting weights 99.9 transient deficient
in choline right and again the only
reason i'm not putting it higher is
simply because the omega-3 content is
not as high um but again don't get
confused eggs egg yolks are primarily
high in saturated fat not
monounsaturated fat all right next olive
oil [ __ ] amazing right very very high
amount of saturated fat junk food right
so fried foods burgers pizzas you name
it right
very high in trans fats pure garbage uh
obviously try to avoid those completely
limiting them from your diet
unless it's like a special occasion
right you gotta live life next animal
fat right so
red meat fat i'm gonna put that okay all
right i'm not gonna put it higher than
that because again it's mainly high in
saturated fat not so much in
monounsaturated fat and omega-3 fats
peanut butter i'm gonna put peanut
butter out okay even though it's very
high in monounsaturated fat i'm gonna
put it in uh [ __ ] amazing um i'm just
gonna put at the end of [ __ ] amazing
right i'm gonna put eggs a lot higher
right high in monounsaturated fat fat
but slightly inferior to to almonds
and last but not least cheese i want to
put that at okay right very high in
saturated fat not so much in
monounsaturated and obviously
um
omega-3s right so now you might wonder
what what goes up here what goes to
number box in our category you guys
guessed it right anything that's high in
omega-3 right very high omega-3 so
obviously salmon fatty fish right
mackerel tuna if you're vegan obviously
flax seeds and chia seeds and
things like that but anything that's
high in omega-3
goes here and when i say high on omega-3
i mean omega-3 being the highest fat
content relative to the other ones so
fatty fish goes up here and obviously
vegan options high number three also go
up here right that's it guys these are
the healthy fats and don't forget like i
mentioned earlier eggs are actually high
in saturated fat not high in
monounsaturated fat they only appear
because they're so nutrient dense and
also remember that omega-6 are actually
not bad for you it's just you don't want
to have too much omega-6 rather to your
omega-3 which is the only reason why i
put it down here right but they're not
really bad for you all right guys that's
it hope the video helps don't forget to
join the reddit and the tic tac that
officially launched
see you guys in the comment section
alright guys don't forget to like or
share the video subscribe and hit the
bell and buy my hsp nucleus of a little
training program it's the ultimate
program for maximum muscle growth it
includes full body workout splits bro
splits push pull
home workouts you name it also comes
with a complete guide for macros
nutrition fat loss muscle growth
hormones
including a meal plan it's pretty much
all my 16 years of experience condensed
into one [ __ ] book you're also going
to get free copies of any future edition
so visit team3d alpha.com and you can
use the 40 off coupon code nucleus
overload or you could just buy the [ __ ]
at full price alright guys i'm outta
here
