for example that's the reason why a lot
of kids that are born to immigrants when
they move to the uk when they move to
the united states when they move to any
developed country what do we notice we
see it all the time right they're taller
than their parents
hey what's going on megan here all right
so today is friday so we're gonna talk
about uh fun facts right so we're gonna
go to the reddit and we're gonna answer
questions relating to genetics mostly so
let's click here genetics
all right so let's pick this question uh
let me fold it up all scandinavian
people tall just because of protein
intake for those who don't know
obviously uh scandinavian especially the
dutch are the tallest in
the world right average height
especially in denmark is over six feet
for men uh for women i think it's five
seven five eight don't quote me on that
uh my brush was close to five seven but
uh they're totally right and
obviously they were not always that tall
right i think in the last hundred years
they gained like eight inches so he's
asking us scandinavian people talk just
because the protein intake for those of
you who also don't know uh the number
one predictor of your height apart from
obviously genetics is animal protein
intake right high quality animal protein
intake uh that's not my opinion there's
a ton of studies on there people have
been studying height for
generations right um and the biggest
correlation is animal protein intake so
the people who eat the most animal
protein so meat dairy stuff like that
are on average taller and the people who
eat the lowest amount of animal protein
um are shorter and obviously for you
know you guys know protein intake
affects igf-1 and growth hormone and
things like that when you're trying but
anyway so uh he's asking are they tall
just because of protein intake no it's
never there's never just one thing that
causes something guys it's always a
combination of factors obviously number
one like i said you have genetics i
haven't mentioned in the comment um you
can give a peg me all the protein in the
world all the animal protein in the
world he's going to be slightly taller
than the average pig meat but he's not
going to be
uh you know
i mean right so obviously genetics are
number one um but again that's common
sense so let's get that out of the way
so apart from genetics number one is
obviously animal protein uh the second
reason why they're so tall is obviously
health care right remember guys if you
sick a lot let's say you are you're
surrounded by let's say you sick a lot
as a kid right you grew up in an
environment that's full of pathogens
full of illnesses whatever you're going
to be shorter no matter how much protein
you eat simply because again your body
is going to use a lot a lot of your
resources towards your immune system
towards keeping you alive as opposed to
maximizing things like height muscle
mass uh you know reproduction and things
like that right you know because
obviously to grow tall that takes a huge
amount of resources as far as nutrients
calories you know hormones things like
that so
health care is the second reason so
number one is protein intake right we're
not going to mention genetics because
that's common sense um but
number one is protein intake as a child
of course growing up
number two is obviously health care they
also have
one of the best health care systems in
the world depending on what
um depending on who's doing them the
measurement usually the number one or
number two but they're always in the top
five right the scandinavian countries
are always at the top when it comes to
health care right because then again the
the body doesn't have to drain a lot of
its resources while the son of a
is growing um to focus on immune system
and
and fighting of pathogens and things
like that and obviously the third reason
and that brings us back to genetics
which is sexual selection again common
sense right um if you tall as due
to let's say great animal protein
uh great health care but you constantly
reproduce with a pygmy the kid is gonna
come out obviously short right again
taller than the average baked meat but
still short so you also have to factor
in uh sexual selection the fact that in
uh in denmark the women are obviously
picking the taller man and that's pretty
much the case almost all around the
world but for some reason in uh in the
scandinavian countries it's a lot more
pronounced right so obviously sexual
selection is gonna kick in and for some
reason a lot of them are also picking
taller women whereas in other countries
like the us and and in some parts of
asia and africa men are actually picking
shorter women so again you have a lot of
sexual selection
uh at work but like i said it's mainly
protein intake health care and again
sexual selection and obviously all of
that has you know is under the umbrella
of genetics right because genetics is
always the number one reason you
obviously have to combine it with the
environment right right because genetics
can't do anything without genes can't do
anything without the environment right
without nutrition healthcare blah blah
you know selection um but
genetics are at the bottom of everything
for example the actual the tallest
people in the world not country but
people in the world obviously the dinka
of uh you know east africa and what's
fascinating about them is again once
again they have good animal protein you
know a lot of them uh lactosin so a lot
of milk a lot of dairy um a lot of meat
the healthcare system is obviously not
as great as the scandinavian so that
makes you wonder how tall will the dinka
of uh east africa how tall they would be
if they actually had amazing health care
but once again they also have the
genetics fire remember a lot of genes uh
play a role in height a ton of genes so
you could have the best healthcare
system best diet if you do not have the
genes for something you know all the
environment does is activate genes you
know turn on and turn off genes you know
epigenetic transcription if you don't
have the genes for something you
right you can find other ways to
overcompensate but for something like
height you gotta have the dreams for
height nutrition and healthcare just
activates those genes for example that's
the reason why a lot of kids uh
uh you know a lot of kids that are born
to immigrants
when they move to the uk when they move
to the united states when they move to
any developed country
what do we notice we see it all the time
right they're taller than their parents
right their parents are short as
but then the kids are towering over them
again better healthcare better nutrition
right so you can't sleep on the
combination between genetics and
environment scandinavians and the dutch
had their genes for height but it took
health care and nutrition to activate
those genes with a dash of sexual
selection but anyway i hope that answers
your question see you guys in the reddit
and the comment section alright guys
don't forget to like or share the video
subscribe and hit the bell and buy my
hsp nucleus of a little training program
it's the ultimate program for maximum
muscle growth it includes full body
workout splits bro splits push-pull home
workouts you name it also comes with a
complete guide for macros nutrition fat
loss muscle growth hormones
including a meal plan it's pretty much
all my 16 years of experience
condensed into one book you're
also gonna get free copies of any future
edition so visit team3d alpha.com and
you can use the 40 off coupon code
nucleus overload or you could just buy
this at full price all right guys
i'm out of here
