hey guys going on Megan here here are 50
signs that you failed puberty for those
of you guys who don't know you could
have the best genetics in the world but
if your testosterone levels or your n
Androgen status gets screwed during
puberty you're not going to manifest a
lot of those genes right so um let's say
you have the jeans for a nice BR raise
you have the je you know the genes for a
nice masculine face if you do not get
enough testosterone during those several
years those crucial years of puberty
right not only I'm not talking about one
day Spike I'm talking about constant
elevation of that enogen status then
you're not going to manifest those genes
for the simple fact that the stone
activates genes through the enogen
receptor so you could have the genes for
something but not manifest those genes
if your tea signaling was crushed during
puberty usually due to to be honest I
don't want to say bad parents but
usually due to negligent parents who
didn't feed you the right Foods who
didn't make sure that you you were you
were healthy you were you were on the
right habits you know because as a
teenager you don't most teenagers don't
know this stuff man most teenagers don't
know about tea and all that stuff so
it's really up to the parents you know
but unfortunately a lot of parents
either negligent or Worse do the
opposite right they'll tell their kids
don't eat this don't eat eggs don't eat
meat you know they'll feed them crappy
diets and now the guy ends up super
short or you know not masculinized you
know in terms of their physical
appearance You know despite having the
jeans for those traits how do I know
because I look at people's genetics all
the freaking times that's one of the
things that I do um another thing is
those people when they have kids and
they feed their kids uh correctly the
right Foods whatever their kids end up
manufacting those genes that's like you
have some parents who are from like poor
countries and then they bring their kids
to a developed country and the kid is
taller has a masculine face jawline
whatever and people are like oh he must
have got lucky no you know he has the
same genes that his parents do he's just
in a better environment and there's a
lot of studies on that you guys could
look it up I've poed some a lot of them
in the past so long story short uh I'm
going to rank all of these signs here
right uh here's the Tail list is very
simple right you barely passed
self-explanatory uh lowkey felt puberty
maybe in the next life that's really bad
right that's really bad if you have this
whatever ends up here right then yeah
maybe in the next life you screwed and
obviously this is the worst one my
brother in Christ I'm so sorry if you
end up over here oh my goodness I feel
so bad um and obviously you got the
lucky guys you passed your parents were
goated and you have Giga chat
here all right so let's start uh all
right if you have small shoulders after
puberty that is of course uh you barely
pass you barely pass cuz you know one of
the signs that your n Androgen status
was super high during puberty is you're
going to have big shoulders even if you
don't train them uh during you know
during that time uh so if you have small
shoulders you barely passed right you
barely passed PD you didn't fail it
though right because a lot of other
things things play a role such as my
stat and signaling and things like that
uh so you fine next if you have a no if
you have a small not huge if you have a
small bra Ridge obviously you know
reverse whatever those pictures show so
if you have a small bra Ridge or a
non-existing bra Ridge right then I'm
going to put you lowkey Feld puberty
that's one of the main things that this
Stone does again this chair list is
assuming normal genetics right because
the moment you throw genetics into the
conversation it throws off everything
right at the end of the day testosterone
in the Androgen receptor activate genes
so it's all about genes first
testosterone second so assuming you have
normal genes and clearly assuming you
have the genes for a brage uh and it's
not pronounced right then you low-key fa
puy and keep in mind when I say you felt
Purity it's not zeros and ones right
it's not like you failed or you passed
right I'm simplifying it's a spectrum
some people will have signs that they
fail Purity and they have some other
signs that they pass right so it's a
spectrum it depends on how many of those
boxes you check right some people have
some of these some people don't have the
other ones right and some have all of
them right and they're going to end up
in gigachad right so it's a
spectrum all right next if you have uh
canines most people don't know this but
the stone increases uh can9 that's I
mean another reason why men have bigger
uh canines than women um so if you have
small canines right lowkey fail puberty
if you have small canines you lowkey fa
puberty uh again when I say small it's
all r relative to your stature right
relative to your height next if you
don't have a lot of chest hair if you
don't have a lot of chest hair after
puberty sorry you lowkey f puberty again
assuming normal genetics right uh that's
mainly driven by tasson and IVC DHT
which is IV see the more powerful
Androgen so huge s of good uh DHD
signaling next if you have small feet if
you have tiny feet you lowkey felt
puberty next if you have Tiny Hands by
the way you guys could look all this up
I already posted the studies and other
videos on the topic so you could look
this up if you don't believe me uh if
you have small hands low key F puberty
again small hands relative to your
height that is if you have tiny
testicles if you have tiny testicles you
lowkey fail puberty that's one of the
things that happens dur puberty is your
balls drastically increas in size for
obvious
reasons next if you have a low bone
density poor bone density right you
lowkey f puberty right you got to have
dense bones that's mainly driven by
testas and obviously estral as well you
know they both have a a role to play so
if you have brittle bones after puberty
you lowkey
failed next if you have uh if you do not
have a crazy welldeveloped jaw not this
extreme right obviously I picked the
most extreme picture so you guys could
get the point but if you do not have a
masculine jawline yep you lowkey felt
puberty that's one of the things that
theone does it it increases the size of
your mener giving you that jawline not
not as crazy as this [ __ ] right
but you know uh next if you do not have
a deep voice you lowkey felt puberty now
of course there's some exceptions right
Mike Tyson Ronnie Coleman whatever but
they still have deeper voices than most
women right so don't get it twisted so
if you have a high pitched ass voice
right borrowing outliers not counting
outliers you lowkey felt puberty right
mainly because the stone increases uh
the size of your lanks and all that
stuff next if you do not have uh big
eyebrows right I'mma put at you belly
pass right because even though
testosterone plays a role in that as
well right uh it it's more influenced by
other factors than testosterone right
does play a role but not a significant
role like the other ones here
uh next if uh let's see if you do not
have a lot of muscle mass after puberty
right you barely pass you barely pass
I'm not going to put it higher because
maybe you had a you know low protein
diet right maybe you had normal te
signaling but not enough protein or
maybe you had uh you know um you know
poor poor polymorphisms in your all the
genes involv in muscle mass so igf1
receptor F Statin blah blah blah blah
blah so you barely pass right because
you can still pass puberty and not have
a lot of muscle right uh next if you do
not have uh huge traps after puberty you
fine man you fine you pass right that
that's not even though that's obviously
driven by testone in the and receptor in
the my in know myonuclei around this
region you could still pass puberty and
have puny
traps next if you have a weak grip
strength after puberty keep in mind this
is after puberty this is not when you're
30 40 50 years old this is mainly after
puberty right uh so this your late teens
early
20 you lowkey f Purity because your GM
should blow the [ __ ] up doing pu even if
you don't train it uh watch my videos
for more detail uh I have a lot of
videos of hangr strength next if you uh
hair loss yeah so if you have hair loss
after puberty right you fine guys you
fine you fine you're fine right because
that's even though that's a DHD uh and
slogen receptor related uh straight keep
in mind you know the genetic proponent
is huge right the genetic component is
huge right so you fine just because you
lost your hair at 18 or 19 that doesn't
mean you fell puberty if anything you
had a freak ton of you know [ __ ] ton of
DHD in your scalp that
is uh next if you have gyno at the end
of puberty right you barely pass you
putting at you barely pass it because
you know that's also due by an imbalance
in your testosterone and DHT to estrogen
ratio right so you barely pass right uh
next if you have uh fat around your you
know you know like female distribution
fat fat pattern right so like around
your waist around your thighs then you
lowkey f puberty bro because again that
is mainly driven by estral and doing
puberty if you're a guy testone
signaling balances estrogen signaling
when the reverses when the reverse
happens you end up with this ship here
so if you have a lot of fat if you st
fat like a you know like a woman so
around your your hips and your waist
yeah you lowy f
puberty next uh if you do not have long
arms a long wingspan also called the ape
Index right you lowkey felt puberty
that's one of the things that happens
during puberty is testone makes your
arms longer relative to your height uh
again assuming normal genetics right
obviously genetics play a huge role as
well as ethnicity I made a ton of videos
about that
but yeah assuming normal genetics if you
do not have longer arms meaning a a
higher ape index higher than one or zero
uh then something went wrong next uh if
you do not have a if you have a narrow
chin a very narrow chin then you lowkey
fa puberty again assuming normal
genetics right that's another thing that
the Sasson does right is it makes your
chin uh it stops your chin from having
that feminine narrow chin right makes it
broad right very similar to the jawline
thing but this one is just for your
chin next if you have a lot of body fat
after puberty you barely passed I'm not
going to put a you looky fell because
again you probably just ate like [ __ ] uh
depending you know what age you started
doing it but you barely passed you got
lucky because you know some people don't
make it through they become so fat that
the estr signaling goes through the roof
right because the body converts most of
the estrogen most of the testosterone
and estrogen and they end up failing
puberty but a lot of guys uh you know
make it through somehow so you barely
passed right cuz one thing that happens
to puberties your body makes it actually
very hard for you to store fat because
of the constant High
androgens next if you not strong as hell
after puberty you fine you fine right
I'm going to put this at you passed
right because a lot of other things not
like grip strength right a lot of other
things you know influence this just
technique leverages stuff like that so
you pass right now if your hand grip
strength is low as hell then that's a
different story um next if you do not
have a masculine 2D to 4D ratio meaning
your fourth digit right being longer
than your second digit if you do not
have that you barely pass right you got
lucky and I'm putting that at you barely
pass because even though just Stone
plays a role in that it mainly manifests
itself um in the
womb uh next uh but the reason why this
it's up here is because it's also a sign
of enen receptor
sensitivity next if you do not have a
lot of acne you still pass people thing
that that's mandatory no even though
again this is driven by testone and DHD
there's a lot of other factors such as
diet and you know uh hygiene and things
like that right so you fine you don't
need acne to know that you pass
pu uh next if you do not have an Adams
apple right again doesn't have to be
massive it just has to be there right
you should be able to touch that [ __ ]
if you do not have an Adam's apple then
you lowkey failed
puberty next if you have a micro
penis maybe in the next life bro you
definitely fa puberty because again
that's one of the first things that
happens to puberty is your mushroom tip
gets longer so again I'm not talking
about deviations from the normal average
penis size I'm talking about a micro
penis that's different this is actually
a term guys I'm not saying this should
be funny it's actually a term you could
look this up in PB mad and any
scientific database microp penis is an
actual condition sounds funny as hell
the scientist who named it that [ __ ] is
freaking e
but yeah it's an actual thing I'm not
talking about just a small penis I'm
talking about a micro penis it's an
actual condition then yeah maybe in the
next life right and that's mainly driven
by DHT by the way so you had super low
DHT uh doing puberty uh
next I had to blur this one out cuz
freaking YouTube so if you
have took a deep breath with me guys if
you have a vagina yes I explain this in
other videos the default human body is
female I repeat the default human body
for men and women is female testosterone
from the S SOI Gene obviously is what
masculinizes the body through the anden
receptor so some men out there who are
genetic male have vaginas they have
vaginas or ambiguous genitalia and if
you have that my brother in Christ you
are screwed you 100% failed puberty uh
and believe or not this happens this
happens in people that have a CIS
complete Androgen complete androgen
Sensitivity Syndrome I feel really bad
for
them um because the the the body is
feminized but inside they actually don't
have a uterus right they have like
testicles that are undescended blah blah
blah which brings me to the next one
where is it where is it
uh there it is if you have undescended
testicles meaning your testicles are not
descended they're still up yeah my
brother in Christ you fell puberty you
fell puberty uh and yes some people have
that guys you you should be lucky people
complain about the genetics you should
be lucky you don't have a lot of those
conditions you know there are men out
there who have undescended testicles
it's still in the abdomen because of
poor Androgen signaling not enough tea
not enough DHT or uh you know not enough
Androgen receptors or poor Androgen
receptor
sensitivity next if you do not have body
odor you fine you pass yes testone
increases body odor but again it's not
mandatory right and it's it's on a huge
Spectrum
uh next if you what's this one oh yeah
facial wave to high ratio right so
meaning how wide your face is compared
to how long your face is uh what
androgens do testas and DHD is they give
you a higher uh facial wave to high
ratio meaning it makes your face wider
compared to your height so if you do not
have that you barely passed you barely
passed um it's not going to go higher
it's going to go in this category here
so you got lucky you barely pass PD next
if you are super short if you are super
short I'm going to put this at you
barely pass the reason why I'm not going
to put at you felt puberty again most
people don't know this but the stone
increases height uh through growth
hormone signaling of course um the
reason I'm not putting high is because
you could pass puberty and still be
short if you had like a low protein diet
or you know your health was not great
your parents didn't give you a a great
environment you can still end up short
and have high tee um so that's why it's
not hard but you barely pass because one
of the number one signs of an increase
in testosterone in DHD during puberty is
crazy growth spur again through growth
hormone
signaling it blows my mind that's when
people don't know that testas effects
High I like what just use common sense
you don't have to know the study just
use common sense but anyway uh next if
you do not have crazy hops crazy jumping
ability right you fine you're fine you
passed right because a lot of things
other even though T some place only
jumping ability um by increasing the
muscular efficiency and power and speed
and all that stuff um it's also uh
determin it's also determined by a lot
of other things so you're
fine there's a lot of guys out there
with super high te we can't jump for
[ __ ] um next if you are skinny fat you
barely passed if at the end of puberty
you are still skinny fat you barely
passed right you barely pass pubd next
if you do not have sperm yes there are
men out there who literally cannot
produce sperm maybe in the next life bro
maybe in the next life you fail puberty
because again that's the time in your
life when this gets produced Next if
you're ugly as
[ __ ] if you're ugly as [ __ ] you pass you
fine Tason does not affect you know how
attracted your faces obviously it
affects your jawline and you know all
these other features you know but you
you could have high te and be ugly as
Sin next if you do not have wide
clavicles
right you barely pass right the reason
I'm putting it here is because obvious
has a huge genetic component but even
with all LC Co assuming normal genetics
during puberty to start so increases how
wide your clavicles are so if you have
narrow clavicles you barely pass right
you didn't fail though right because of
the huge genetic component as
well next if you do not have a prostate
right if you have a small prostate or
you don't have one at all right it's
really tiny maybe in the next life you
got screwed doing
puberty uh next
wait
uh oh yeah yeah yeah okay pubic hair
right I actually swap those out so if
you do not have pubic hair you lowkey fa
puberty yeah if you do not have P pubic
hair you lowkey f I have to blur so much
out I hate how YouTube is so sensitive I
have to blur so much stuff that
sometimes I can't even tell what what
but yeah if you do not have pubic hair
you look you f
puberty uh next
uh the hell is this
one the hell all right I'll come back to
that uh next if you have wide hips you
lowkey fa puberty now of course as
always there's a genetic component as
well but if you do not have wide hips
sorry if you have wide hips you know
like a you know like like a woman that
hourglass shape you lowkey failed
puberty uh next if you do not have oily
skin I put ashary here but if you do not
have oily skin right you barely passed
right because it's one thing testone
does is it obviously that's in fact
that's one of the reason why some during
puberty some people get acne right
because testone increases ebone
production blah blah blah again mainly
through DHD all that stuff so next we
have uh breast right if you have breasts
maybe in the next life yep most again
like I explained earlier the default
human body is female justest is what
stops the female body uh from
manifesting itself you know as well as
other things you know uh you know doing
fetal development I think I made a
deeper video on this but some men have
breast I'm not talking about G I'm
talking about actual breast then yeah
maybe in the next
life next if you have a complete female
body like literally a female body
meaning you have breast you have the
hips you have the whole package right
waist uh you know uh vagina complete
Androgen C AIS S I always get sced
pronouncing that complete Androgen
Sensitivity Syndrome try saying that
fast guys that's why I just say CIS um
yeah my brother and Christ you are
screwed and yes these are men in this
picture these are not women these are
men and know they're not transgendered
whatever this is an actual condition
again I made several post and videos
about that they are men the only issue
is the Androgen receptors not working so
they have high testosterone High DHT but
they can't do anything because they can
activate the Androgen
receptor uh next if you have a lot of
autoimmune diseases lot of people don't
know this but the reason why women have
more autoimmune disease than men is
because of high estrogen to testosterone
ratio so if you have a lot of autoimmune
diseases especially the ones that are
most common in women then you barely
passed that's one advantage that testone
gives man is because it has suppressing
effects on the immune system we don't
have as many autoimmune we have some
because testone does both things right
it suppresses part of the immune system
and it also a regulates part of the
immune system but the net effect is a
suppression of uh the immune system so
that's the reason why women have a lot
of autoimmune you know
pools uh next if you do not have a big
nose okay you barely passed lot of
people don't know this but the stone
increases the size and the shape uh of
your
nose next uh trying to remember what the
hell this one
is this is why oh yeah I think this one
is waste to this one is waste to high
wait did I do waste to
oh god let's see this what happens when
you when you just go AC capella and
don't have a script you forget [ __ ] uh
guys what do you think did I do waist to
high ratio no okay okay good so if you
have a poor waist to high ratio meaning
your waist is too large compared to your
height then and then this at the end of
puberty then you lowkey fa puberty right
again this is your waist of high ratio
it's a great predictor of the St on too
by the way next if you do not sweat a
lot you barely pass yes believe it or
not this St so increases sweat
production drastically by the way and it
also happens during puberty um but you
fine because again this is assuming
normal temperature normal hydration
whatever uh next if you are not fast you
fine right justason increases power and
speed but like I said earlier it's just
like the jumping thing right um a lot of
other factors uh play a role relative to
the contribution that testone has next
if you if you have a small penis I'm not
talking about micro penis if you just
have a small penis right you lowkey fil
puberty yep T sty only increases the
size of your penis to be specific it's
DHT uh they both play role but it's
mainly DHT um but again keep in mind
there's also genetic variations like in
all of those things next if you do not
have thick skin I'm not talking about
thick skin like mentally hey I'm tough
bro I'm talking about actual thick skin
[ __ ] like actual thick skin uh you bely
pass cuz Sone plays a huge role in
making men's skin actually thicker than
women next uh if you have weak erections
after puberty you still have weak
erections oh God forbid you can't get an
erection oh you lowkey f puberty
bro uh next if you have a female face
back to CIS by the way these are men
just like up here these are men not
women these are men who cannot respond
to testone they have noral testosterone
levels they cannot respond to it because
they have mutations on the Androgen
receptors so if you have literally the
face of a woman then yeah my brother in
Christ good luck man you screwed you
screwed because even if somebody injects
you with testosterone you can't respond
to it right by the way if you're
wondering what doctors do to people who
felt puberty they inject them with
testosterone remember I told you guys
some people I believe should be enhanced
that's one example people that failed
puberty you can't blame them right it
was the parents fault or if they have
genetic situations or whatever right you
got to put them to puberty and what
doctors would do is they will inject
them with believe it or not they inject
them with anavol they inject them with
DHD derivatives testosterone to get them
caught up for bad for those folks man
next if you do not have longer legs you
lowkey failed puberty that's one effect
that this St has in puberty it makes
your legs longer relative to your height
um to your toes so of course and last
but not least if you do not have morning
wood even after puberty all right I'm
going to put this at you barely pass
mainly because it could be due to like
nitric oxide issues or your diet or
stuff like that all right so hopefully
this clears things out and let you know
whether you fell puberty or not but
remember guys it's not the end of the
world there are things that you could do
if you fell puberty to get caught up
right natural things you could do of
course all right I'm out of here
