Megan here answering the question that I
got from a subscriber about fat loss and
the question was how do I optimize um
what supplements can I get to optimize
the stages of fat loss so I guess you
watched my previous videos on how fat
loss actually works and um he took the
small ride which is pretty much
uh pick a supplement or food or whatever
that's going to speed up every single
stage of the fat loss process so anyway
quick recap uh before I listen the three
supplements remember just like I
mentioned in every single video you have
to understand the process before you
even think of what to eat or what to do
in order to optimize it okay same thing
with muscle building same thing with fat
loss if you don't know how muscle is
built you're going to be confused your
entire life you're going to spend a lot
of money on supplements you're
going to get scammed you're going to
read through journals and articles and
you're going to be confused all right
same with fos you need to understand the
process in order for you to know what
works and what doesn't you know it makes
things so much simpler right so for my
visual Learners out there I have once
again uh a quick simplified version of
the fat loss process if you want it in
more detail go watch my longer videos on
it but I'm trying to keep this one short
so uh in short you have the fat cell you
have the muscle cell right remember 80
to 90% of your fat is burned in the
muscle cell all right when you at rest
when you're doing cardio your muscle
cells is really where most of your fat
uh your fatty acids get burnt all right
so we have the fat cell we have the
muscle cell I'm trying to keep it simple
so I'm eliminating a lot of the tiny
details let's only focus on the most
important stages all right so obviously
inside the fat cell is the actual fat
that you're trying to lose okay I have
it I have it in yellow here as you can
see fat plus g g stands for glycerol of
course so your body STS fat by combining
fatty acids from the foods that you eat
or whatever your liver makes combining
that with glycerol from carbs and other
substrates so when you combine glycerol
and fat fatty acids right you have
pretty much strul which is belly fat
which is the fat that we all trying to
get rid of okay all right moving along
so in order for you to burn the fatty
the fatty acid part I just call the fat
FHA right you need to separate it from
the glycerol right that's very important
you cannot burn fat unless you first
separated from the glass hole that it's
bound to right so in order to do this
you need this uh enzyme here that I
explained another video hormone
sensitive lipas there's a bunch of other
enzymes involved but once again let's
let's just focus on the the main players
so this enzyme is going to help separate
those two right glycerol is going to go
off and himself and um fatty acids
are going to go into the blood and then
eventually make their way into the
muscle cell where there will be burn
into the mitochondria right the
mitochondria if you remember from
biology class in high school
mitochondria is where your body produces
ATP where your body makes energy where
your body Burns glucose and fatty acids
and things like that to make energy
right so your mondri I put a flame here
it's the it's the chimney right is where
all the burning takes place okay so so
far you follow right so remember you
need fat to be separated from glycerol
you need the fatty acids to go into the
bloodstream into the muscle into the
mitochondria and get burned off right
and then the end products is obviously
energy uh carbon dioxide and and H2O
water now this process here the
splitting of fatty acids from glycerol
obviously is kicked off by this enzyme
but this enzyme has to be stimulated the
reason why it's called hsl hormone
sensitive lipase means it's hormone
sensitive lipase it's a lipase it's an
enzyme that's sensitive to hormones you
meaning you need hormones to activate it
right and the main players the main
hormones that activate this uh enzyme is
obviously adrenaline you have glucagon
things like that but once again let's
focus only on adrenaline here because
it's the most powerful one okay so
adrenaline or if you're from the UK nenr
whatever you want to call it nor
adrenaline blah blah blah it's G to come
in it's these purple things here it's
going to bind to its receptor as always
right hormones need receptors in order
to uh do the effects so it's going to
bind to its receptor it's going to
activate CM PKA right just you know a
whole bunch of here and eventually
that's going to go ahead and stimulate
this enzyme which in turn is going to go
ahead and split up the glycero from the
fatty acids and then the fatty acid is
going to go ahead and do the thing I
explained earlier so that gives us three
stages for fat loss three main stages
obviously there's a lot of stages once
again three main stages you have stage
one where you want the adrenaline and
the glucagon and all the fat burning
hormones right remember I always all my
videos talk about hormones right every
process begins with hormones so you need
the FB running hormones you know uh in
key adrenaline to activate so that's
stage one right it's going to go ahead
and do a thing stimulate this hands on
Boom now once the fatty acid is in the
bloodstream remember it has to go inside
the muscle cell and into the
mitochondria else it's just going to
stay in the blood and be recycled
eventually we don't want that right we
don't want it to go and recombine with
glycerol or go back inside the fatty
inside the the fat cell we want it to go
in here
cartine and it's is stage two carnitine
takes the fatty acids once the fatty
acids are inside the muscle cell right
you have an enzyme that's going to put
them inside the muscle cell uh
lipoprotein lipas is going to put them
inside you need carnitine to take the
fatty acid and put it inside the
mitochondria carnitine is the it's
obviously an amino acid you guys should
know and it facilitates this process
right it takes the fatty acid
uh compounds and it puts them inside the
mitochondria and then boom you start the
crab cycle and it starts burning all
kinds of fat okay so this is stage two
stage two is actually taking the fatty
acids and putting them in stage three is
the act burning okay which is in the
mondri so once we know those three
stages right now it's easy to know what
supplements to get right number one for
stage one you need a supplement that's
going to help increase the action of
these hormones right and the best known
out there the market legally is
obviously caffeine right if you're not
taking caffeine you know in your fat
burning Journey you had a disadvantage
caffeine is in fact if you look at the
most fat burners you know turn them
around look at the active ingredients
99% of them is caffeine they don't tell
you got they don't tell you guys that
because they're not going to make money
you know hydroxy cut and all these other
things whatever all these fat burning
supplements you look in the back even
most pre-workouts it's caffeine right so
you could get that from coffee it's
cheap as hell guys so caffeine is going
to increase obviously adrenaline in the
in the bloodstream I'm going to make a
whole video on caffeine if you want me
to but pretty much what caffeine does it
it blocks adenosine receptors adenosine
is the molecule that makes you tired and
sleepy and things like that caffeine has
the same has a similar structure to
adenosine so caffeine goes ahead and
blocks The receptors for adenosine which
makes it so that your body is constantly
alert that's how you have this energy
you like oh man I'm not tired I feel
great right and then your brand responds
to that by releasing a whole bunch of
adrenaline which is the opposite of
obviously being tired and being fatigued
is having a lot of adrenaline and you
know FB burning hormones so adrenaline
goes through the roof cortisol goes up
too but you know once again I'm going to
explain that in the in the coffee video
so adrenaline goes to the roof and then
speeds up stage one all right so check
have caffeine in your list very cheap
stage two remember carnitine right now I
don't recommend you to go outad and
actually buy cartine because
it's pretty expensive
but if you if your diet is high in
cartine you know you know high in amino
acids you should be fine you know in
fact if you're cutting you know I keep
telling you follow high protein diet if
you're cutting you should be getting
plenty of carnitine if you want to go
ahead and supplement that's fine but um
you should be getting carnitine from
your diet and your body also synthesizes
carnitine so you shouldn't have a
problem with carnitine but you know
that's the second thing I would
recommend because it's crucial for uh
the fat burning process the last thing I
recommend is for stage three which is
the model country burning the fat uh
antioxidants right simple simple it's
not really a supplement but anything
that's going to increase the amount of
antioxidant and your system is going to
be great for helping your mitochondria
remain healthy if your mitochondria is
not healthy you you know remember
mitochondria you know you know it gets
damaged by free radicals from you know
we training we eating bad foods things
like that you need antioxidants to you
know patch it up and you know help it
remain healthy and productive so that's
the top three things I recommend for fat
loss caffeine right to speed up stage
one cartine from a high protein diet or
your body's going to make it a soft or a
supplement and of course uh a lot of you
know fruits and vegetables to have to
protect your mitochondria and keep it
functioning right I didn't mention fish
oil because if you're not taking fish
oil right now I don't know what channel
you've been watching I don't know what
you're doing you fish oil is a given so
it's not even going to make the list
because it's like it's like telling you
to drink water you know what I mean like
fish o water things like that I'm not
going to mention because that's a given
all right hope this video helps um
trying to keep it short if I missed
anything comment below you have more
questions comment below I'm going to
base my next videos based on the
questions I get in the comment section
this video helped give it a thumbs up
thanks for supporting the channel as
always team 3D Alpha dominance
discipline Direction I'm out of
here segments so go in the comment
section and just vote vote on what you
think is your most requested uh topic
and then obviously the one that has the
most likes are the ones going to put
priori in case let's
