here's the difference in the rate of
muscle growth for the leg that was
trained with just one set versus the leg
that was trained with three sets
substantial difference in the rate of
muscle growth
hey what's going on megan here all right
so let's take a look at this study where
they compared two training interventions
one leg was trained with just one set to
failure about seventy percent of one rep
max or about 14 reps
and the other leg was trained with three
sets to failure keep in mind the
subjects were trained
and each person actually served as their
own control meaning any differences that
could have been due to genetics or
lifestyle whatever were completely
eliminated right because each person
served as their own control group so
obviously one leg was trained with one
set whereas the person's other leg was
trained with three sets and obviously
the goal was to see if there would be a
difference in the rate of muscle growth
right my favorite protein standard
system so that's actual muscle tissue
obviously the higher your rate of
myofibular protein sentences relative to
the rate of protein breakdown of course
the faster uh you're gonna grow right
and obviously the more muscle you're
gonna build right so it's funny that i
have to make a video on this because it
blows my mind that people are still
questioning whether you should do you
know whether volume is a driver
hypertrophy or not the volume of
mechanical tension that you put on the
muscle fiber is what drives hypertrophy
right mechanical tension by itself just
kickstarts the process but the more
volume you do obviously the more volume
and mechanical tension you apply
the higher the rate of muscle growth
simply because you're creating more
ribosomes you're activating mtor more
you're releasing more mechanical growth
factor which is obviously local rgf1
blah blah blah i made a gazillion videos
on the whole process right anyone who
understands genetics and muscle growth
at a molecular level knows exactly why
more sets equals more gains obviously to
a limit right i hate when people say
well there's a limit no you know
you need water to live that doesn't mean
you can infinitely keep drinking water
and just live longer like that's common
sense everything follows an inverted you
curve right you can't just keep
increasing something that's good forever
without running into issues right so
just because you can't infinitely do
more volume to infinitely keep getting
more muscle gains does not mean that
volume is not the drive of hypertrophy
that's such a dumb argument but anyway
so
the researchers put it to the test and
keep in mind this study was replicated
so many times so it's not like oh it's
just once 30 shut the up many many
many studies came after that and got
this in conclusion but anyway as you can
guess looking at the rate of muscle
growth and i like to study because
they're measured at two different time
points five hours post workout obviously
the eight you can see here the i mean
the leg that was trained with only one
set that's in black right as you can see
big increase in muscle growth big
increase in the rate of muscular protein
sentences and that's standard for most
studies right over 100 increase but
here's the interesting thing right 29
hours you guys know the rate of muscle
growth goes through the roof after you
train about about within 24 hours it
starts to go back down to baseline right
which is another reason why you want to
train with higher frequency you know as
long as your recovery management can
can keep up but anyways as you can see
at the 29 hour mark the one stack group
the rate of muscle protein synthesis
went back towards baseline right no
longer statistically significant and you
guys know why my stand went back up and
obviously mta signaling and
all the other good went back down
now let's look at the leg that was
trained with three sets so first five
hour post workout right obviously fed
you have a substantial increase in
myofibrillar protein sentences right so
this one went up uh over 100 percent
whereas this one went up over 200
percent but look what's interesting
right even at the 24 hour mark actually
29 hours in this study other studies
look at 24 this one looked at 29. as you
can see the group that only did one set
back to baseline
right whereas the lag that was trained
with three sets still had higher levels
of myofibular protein genesis obviously
it wasn't going to be as high as five
hour post workout for the reasons i
explained earlier you know
about the 24 hour market goes down and
the longer you've been training the
shorter that window is so these guys
were training for several several
several years at the 29 hour mark both
groups um would have been substantially
lower but anyway as you can see here the
google that the three sets was still
building muscle at an elevated rate 29
hours later and we know this from the
literature we know this from how the
human body works we know this by looking
at anabolic signaling
post-workout after steroids after a high
protein meal
right the more volume you do the more
ribosomes your body is making which
obviously increases the rate of mrna
translation right if one set is all you
needed to maximize the rate of muscle
growth then the findings wouldn't be
this drastic right and once again this
study has been replicated so many
 times and don't worry i'm going
to make videos on the other on the other
studies that obviously
came to the same conclusions it's a long
story short for you guys out there who
are still doubting and still thinking
hey but but mike mentioned
it said you only need one set you are
not doing yes i hate people make
comparisons like that you're not doing
ya's you don't have dory it's genetics
you're not using the anabolic support
that the audience was on and he's a
horrible example right and i also
explained though yes did not train with
low volume he trained with lower volume
roster to other bodybuilders but if you
actually look at his workouts he did not
train with low volume i made a whole
video about that years ago but i might
make another one right his warm-up sets
were like rpe seven to eight right those
are working sets and we know
that from the literature right so for
you guys out there saying all you need
is one set one heart set to failure
you're gonna yeah you're gonna make some
gains but you're not gonna make nowhere
as much gains as the person who's doing
three sets and obviously for those
wondering um where does it peak well
studies show that three sets is better
than one set five sets is better than
three sets but not significantly more
for example three sets is significantly
better than one set per exercise per
month so keep in mind this is a per
session right in one session five sets
is better than three sets especially if
you train if you've been looking if
you've been training for a long time
but it's not substantially better than
three sets right which is what i
normally recommend just do five sets um
you're gonna get more growth but don't
think that you're gonna triple
in sizes because you did five sets of
opposing three sets but anyway long
story short guys this is just one of
many many many many studies that confirm
from many different angles from a
molecular that volume is king when your
goal is to maximize muscle growth not
only you get a bigger spike in
myofibrillar protein synthesis which
obviously explains up to ninety percent
of the variance in muscle growth
assuming you recovered from muscle
damage of course
but even a day later you still have a
higher increase in the rate of mps
mainly because of higher amtos signaling
higher rgf1 slash mechanical factor
signaling more creation of ribosomes
which is obviously going to facilitate
their translation of proteins right so
contractile proteins act and virus and
blah blah blah anyway guys hope this
video helps if you have any questions
post them in the reddit read the rules
before posting or you should we could
delete it alright guys i'm out of here
all right guys don't forget to like or
share the video subscribe and hit the
bell and buy my hsp nucleus of a little
training program it's the ultimate
program for maximum muscle growth it
includes full body workout splits bro
splits push-pull
home workouts you name it also comes
with a complete guide for macros
nutrition fat loss muscle growth
hormones
including a meal plan it's pretty much
all my 16 years of experience
condensed into one book you're
also gonna get free copies of any future
edition so visit team3d alpha.com and
you can use the forty percent off coupon
code nucleus overlord or you could just
buy this at full price alright guys
i'm outta here
