hey guys what's up quick question I got
um how many uh sets and Reps for
deadlifting um the person didn't specify
whether he's training for like strand
for hypertrophy all that good [ __ ] but
um rule of thumb once again that's just
my opinion R Thum is um I I never go
above a reps if I'm doing conventional
deadlifts off the floor I never go above
a Reps for two reason number one you
want to go heavy right you want to go
heavy and obviously if you're doing more
than a rep you're not going heavy enough
to get all the benefits of the deadlift
and number two any if you going heavy
and you go above eight every rep above
eight your form is going to start
getting [ __ ] up and sloppy meaning
you're going to get closer to back snap
action so um I keep to between 5 to
eight for strength testosterone release
and um just straight power straight
brutal strength uh any anything higher
than eight you're not lifting heavy
enough and if you are lifting heavy you
go above eight you might [ __ ] some [ __ ]
up so I just I always advise not not
doing too many reps on on deadlifts if
you're doing conventional power
deadlifts and if you're doing um uh what
I like doing which is bodybuilding
deadlifts which is really just uh
putting the ball like at knee level
sometimes I even go above knee level to
eliminate lower back and hamstring
action and I just bring the ball up and
retract my scapula to really squeeze to
get that thickness in my upper back when
I do those I could go as high as 20 reps
sometimes because I'm not like said I'm
not doing these for power or strength
I'm just doing these for hypertrophy I'm
just squeezing squeezing my scapular
retracting and [ __ ] not rolling just
bringing the ball up and squeezing those
are go B um 10 because I'm doing these
for you know like my uh just my back
development you know if you're doing
below KNE level then you might want to
go above 10 cu you you know you doing
hypertrophy for your lower back that lbo
region all that [ __ ] but um that's the
only time I go above 10 reps if I'm
doing bodybuilding dead list on the
Smith machine um but if I'm going heavy
you will not see me go above five I even
said eight you just throw it up there
but I'm not going above five um usually
it's singles doubles three to five RS
you get warmed up and you should be good
to go so hope that answerers your
question now as as as as far as sets
uh see you got I'm going to make a
separate video about that to me the
whole sets and Reps things is it's it's
I I use it at home when I'm planning my
work talk myself five sets six sets you
know for like time on attention things
but really once I start working out it's
all instincts I I train I train by
instincts and feeli I use sets and Reps
as guidelines and estimates of you know
like parameters where I want to how much
I want to do uh the boundaries and
things like that but if my body if I'm
if I'm doing three sets and I feel like
I had a good workout I'm done I'm not
I'm not pushing I'm moving on to
something else if I'm supposed to do
four sets and after four I see like I
have more in me and I didn't do enough
I'll do more so I can't really give you
a set you know like be like do three
sets do four sets you know just start
like I said it's always good to start
off with at least three warm-up sets cuz
you know just to get the form right and
to gauge yourself cuz you every day you
e a strong go a weeker you're not going
to have the same St every single day
just engage yourself and once you once
you you ready your blood is pumping your
man meter is up just deadlift the wave
you know sometimes I do 10 20 sets of
deadlift believe it or not if I see that
I have more in a tank I pile on my way
and I keep going if I see that uh uh
sometimes I can't go any heavier but I
want a deadlift still I reduce the
weight and I work on my form you know uh
I don't limit myself to just numbers you
know your body doesn't know three sets
four sets five sets three reps whatever
your body just knows work stress
progress overload so um have your sets
in in the back of your mind to like give
yourself an estimate a guideline
whatever parameters and but if your your
brain is telling you do more do more if
it's telling you do less do less you
know so hope that answerers your
question man I'm out
