so one of the worst things you want to
do when you have a small appetite is
hey guys what's going on Megan here how
to eat more food how to increase your
appetite if you know me I'm an expert at
working with hard gainers because I was
a hard game and myself yet I was able to
go from 140 pounds back in my late teens
to as high as 240 pounds at five seven
despite having a shady a shady appetite
but I'm going to show you guys exactly
how I did it
and these are the exact same strategies
that I gave to my clients and that I
used on lazy lying back in the days on
Muhammad back in the days for the OG
subscribers you guys know what I'm
talking about all right so let's get
started asked here a tier and Beach here
s chair is mandatory for boosting your
appetite and being able to eat more age
here is extremely good and [ __ ] here is
okay let's start with s tier the most
basic thing that almost nobody talks
about making sure the food tastes good
guys that is the most basic thing and
the most basic way to increase your
appetite or to eat more food it is
extremely hard and trust me I know
because I have a shitty appetite it is
extremely hard to eat a lot of food
when the food tastes like [ __ ] it's just
common sense guys so one of the number
one things you can do is to add flavor
you gotta learn how to add flavor the
foods guys just take one day you don't
need it doesn't take a week it doesn't
take a month just take one day out of
your life and just learn the basic
principles of flavoring Foods
um spices uh caramelizing food sauteing
Foods
um knowing how to offset
um bad flavors and things like that just
take one day out of your life and just
spend that day researching the internet
looking up YouTube videos just learning
how to flavor Foods because trust me it
is extremely hard to eat 3 000 calories
or more when everything you're eating
tastes like [ __ ] right so ask here eat
tasty Foods either learn how to flavor
Foods or or just pick options that
actually taste good everyone has
different taste buds right if you're
looking for a good protein Source you
don't have to pick the best protein
Source pick the one
that's probably second or third place
but
tastes a lot better to you than first
place right so if you don't like chicken
breasts or whatever then eat chicken
thighs eat something that's gonna allow
you to not spend too much willpower
right because the amount of willpower
you're having one day is limited you
don't want to use all of it on your
first meal because now you're gonna eat
that first meal you're not gonna eat
anything else for the rest of the day
next thing liquid calories
self-explanatory that's an Esther guys
you have I repeat if you have a shitty
appetite you cannot afford to eat you
know foods that you got to spend a
ton of time chewing and digesting you
don't have time for that guys smoothies
will save your life that's what helped
me that's what Muhammad back in the days
there's no way I would have ate that
much food back in my bodybuilding days
if it wasn't for liquid meals you guys
remember the old videos you know we used
to eat ensure and [ __ ] I mean we found
ways to just make everything liquid
right so smoothies are your best friend
guys if you don't want to eat smoothies
then if you're eating potatoes eat
mashed potatoes if you're eating
um steak eat ground steak right find
ways to either make the foods liquid or
find a way to have the chewing already
done for you meaning again like an
example of a ground meat it's already
grounded up so you don't have to chew as
much but you definitely gotta find you
can't sit there with a shitty appetite
and be chewing on food for five minutes
straight okay
liquid foods are your best friend next
also in s care guys
adding fats to your foods to your shakes
to your smoothies or just to your
regular plate of food is a cheat code
especially olive oil first of all you
[ __ ] need a lot of
monosaturated fats anyway right your
muffles are too low so you need olive
oil and guys trust me adding olive oil
to a smoothie I know it sounds gross but
you're not even gonna taste it right
it's going to take that shitty Shades
away you're not gonna if anything's
gonna taste better right that's such a
huge cheat code guys one tablespoon of
olive oil has so many calories all right
so imagine putting two or four
tablespoons now keep in mind you gotta
be responsible you don't want a dirty
bulk right you know try not to go into
in too big of a surplus but you know I
digress so once again that's in Ash
there adding liquid fat to your meals
you could also add peanut butter or
whatever but olive oil does the trick
right adding olive oil to a smoothie or
even to a protein shake again I know it
sounds gross but you're not gonna taste
it and you're gonna get those easy
calories it is so easy to get 500
calories just from just a little bit of
olive oil blessed is healthy it's
healthy fats don't use other vegetable
oils though right don't use seed oils
don't use any of that bad [ __ ] extra
virgin olive oil is the way to go next
let's look at each here eating every two
to three hours that's AJ guys if you
have a shitty appetite you cannot afford
to let three four hours go by without
eating you don't have enough time in it
it's only 16 hours in the waking day if
you're sleeping nine to ten hours which
you should then it's even less right so
you cannot afford to go more than three
hours without eating if you're trying to
increase your appetite and trying to eat
more food right so set a timer right
don't trust your country self set a
timer so that about the two or two and a
half to three hour mark it goes off and
then it's time to eat again and that's
also going to create a habit to allow
you to eat more often because your body
is going to be Prime and so used to
eating
um at the two to three hour mark
right the worst thing you want to do is
to do intermittent fasting or some kind
of [ __ ] where you you know you're
only eating two to three meals a day you
if you have a shitty appetite you cannot
afford to do that you have to eat more
frequently next as simple as it sounds
also in a chair
having your meals already planned guys
when you have a shitty appetite you're
trying to remove resistance right you
want to remove resistance you want to
remove having to use willpower if you
don't have your meals already planned
um not just on chronometer or My Fitness
Pal but also just in the fridge or
whatever right you're gonna find every
excuse to not eat your timer is going to
go off and you're gonna find every issue
soon I get up and you're gonna be like
oh I don't want to cook I don't want to
do this oh I got to do homework oh I
gotta do it's funny how when when people
don't want to get their meals and they
find every excuse so now start doing
homework and start doing a whole bunch
of [ __ ] you know just to avoid eating
been there done that guys when I was in
college but if your meal is already made
the timer goes off you just get up and
eat dude remove any form of resistance
remove effort right this way your
willpower is stored for other things
right you want to save your willpower
for other things so have your smoothies
made in advance put them in the fridge
if you want to eat hard meals and again
you're free to do so but have them made
in advance next keep being non-liquid
protein so it has like hot Meats hot
protein pause saving those for later in
a day that's also an eight year right
you guys protein is extremely satiating
especially if it's not liquid protein
right it's extremely safe shading it's
going to keep you full for a long time
and it's going to take a long time to
digest so one of the worst things you
want to do when you have a small
appetite is to eat steak or chicken
early in the day right unless it's grown
up of course if it's grown up then you
know it's going to digest a bit faster
but
you want to save all of the things that
take a long time to digest or that are
very safe reading you want to save those
for later in the day right you don't
believe me try having a shitty appetite
eating five ounces of steak in the
morning you're gonna be full for like
eight hours next which is pretty much
the same thing so saving your fiber for
later in the day it's also an eight here
right you can't have a shitty appetite
and wake up in the morning and be like
oh let me eat this and then with a side
of vegetables what do you mean
vegetables save that [ __ ] for later in
the day the vegetable is going to keep
you full They're Gonna Keep You satiated
and that's something you want to do when
you're cutting when you're in a caloric
deficit but not when you clean bulking
or not when you have issues eating right
you want to save the vegetables for
later in the day if or even better you
want to blend them it's just if possible
Right make like a smoothie or uh you
know vegetable
Juice mix or whatever
but save fiber for when you're already
close to your calorie goal next in Beach
here drinking a [ __ ] ton of water I'm
gonna put that in Beach here right and
again it's going to help stretch your
stomach you know competitive you just do
that all the time you know they drink a
ton of water helps them stretch the
stomach it's going to allow you to be
able to eat more Foods over time but
keep in mind you want to drink that
water after you eat not before you eat
right if you drink it before you eat you
might be too full you might lose
interest it might make it harder for you
to eat so wait until you're done eating
and drink a ton of water to keep that
stomach stretch over time not to mention
that you also need a lot of water to
help digest food guys guys you got to
remember stomach acid is mainly water if
you dehydrate it it's going to take a
long time for you to digest food next
Walking after meals that's in Beach here
for two reasons one it's going to keep
you hungry right so after you eat going
for a walk uh you know I obviously don't
try to walk too fast or whatever or just
going for a basic walk and that's going
to do two things one is going to
increase the insulin sensitivity it's
going to help you absorb nutrients
better because you don't want to [ __ ]
around and get diabetes or you know
full-blown insulin resistance what
while you're clean bulking right
especially since you're going to be
eating all that food so number one it's
going to help with insulin sensitivity
and nutrient absorption keeping blood
flow going but number two it's also
going to keep you hungry you know and
last but not least this is so
underutilized watch other people eat I'm
also going to put that in Beach here
right it's a very good strategy I used
to do that a lot I used to sit down I
used to literally go to YouTube and
watch bodybuilders eat while I was
eating and that will help me get my
meals in because one it would distract
me and two humans we have this weird
thing where as we're watching people eat
we actually get hungrier you know how
many times did you just sit there and
see a commercial or see somebody eat
something and you're like oh [ __ ] I'm
you know I'm kind of hungry so that
might not work for everybody that's why
I put in Beach here but that definitely
worked for me and some of my clients you
know just making sure that each time I
was eating those meals back when I was
trying to eat five six meals a day I
would sit there and I would literally
watch bodybuilders or you know other
people eat but anyway I hope this video
helps guys goes up 10 ways to eat more
food and increase your appetite so you
can make those gains in the gym
especially if you're all again all right
I'm out of here all right guys don't
forget to like or share the video
subscribe and hit the bell and by my HSB
nucleus of a little training program she
ultimate program for maximum muscle
growth it includes full body workout
splits bro splits push-pull home
workouts you name it also comes with a
complete guide for macros nutrition fat
loss monster growth hormones including a
meal plan it's pretty much all my 16
years of experience condensed into one
[ __ ] book you're also gonna get free
copies of any future Edition so visit
team3dalpha.com and you can use the 40
off coupon code nucleus of the Lord or
you could just buy the share full price
all right guys I'm out of here
