[Music]
hey guys what's up it's Megan here um
showing you guys what I'm eating for
today obviously like I said I don't know
if I mentioned my other video but I'm
back on the full-blown callback loading
because um
uh I found a way to to the reason why I
was still doing carback loading but I
was um switching it up a little bit
because of my schedule last semester but
like I said I had like a 3 week break
from school so I had a time to get back
into it and even then that school
started I decided to quit bitching and
just find a way to still make car
backloading fit into my schedule and I
mentioned before in case you didn't see
the video the reason why I couldn't do a
full-blown backloading was because I was
in school from 8:00 in the morning to uh
like 9:30 10:00 the latest school work
school work back and forth so in case
when there were days when I didn't get
up and have time to make my meals cuz
it's always going to happen a day when
you don't wake up early enough or you
didn't make your meals the night before
what happened is I'll be in school all
day and I have to buy Subway and [ __ ]
like that and it will [ __ ] up my my
macros for the day or if I try to say
you know what let you know let me let me
stick to my to my diet and um not buy
Foods outside and I would come home at
9:00 p.m. on 500 calories and then try
to start eating all my carbs and it
would really like it'll mess up my train
my work I said you know what I'm I'm
going to eat carbs all day long while
I'm at work and um still backload at
night until I get a chance to you know
get up instruction but for this semester
my schedule even though it's still crazy
at least uh I have room to you know to
eat my vegetables in the morning and my
fast my protein as long as I make my you
know make my food and take it to work
with me as far as update on my weight
I'm currently 188 I went from um I'm
still bulking but I went from 193 was my
heaviest like two weeks ago to 188 right
now my constant weight is 190 reason my
weight is so low is because I took a
whole week off from the gym uh to
recover a whole week off I had to
because like I said full body workouts
are really intense you get results you
get muscle you get Mass you get stronger
but it really really taxing on your Cal
nervous system I mean think about it you
doing squats I stick to the basics you
doing squats you're doing deadlifts
you're doing um um ball Bell shrugs
heavy ass weight you doing bench presses
I mean it's it's a lot all all in one
day uh the reason why I'm still doing is
because you know it's working for me but
um but yeah so I had to take a whole
week off you know sit back look at my uh
um the the responses my body gives me I
realize my body if I if I go like at
least two days without drinking a lot of
water my body you know feels like [ __ ]
so I had to go back my Macos are still
the same I'm still eating I'm still
trying to get at least one gram of Port
P the body weight only difference is I'm
getting a lot of my protein from Whole
Foods now as as as opposed to protein
shakes all day uh yes I still I still
take shakes but now I only use them as
like Insurance just in case I try to
focus on my eggs my chicken my my tuna
my my salmon you know um there's a big
difference don't let nobody trick you
into saying that oh shakes and and
original Whole Food protein is the same
thing it's not I don't care I don't care
what scientific studies say otherwise
I'm telling you from
experience 200 g of protein from shakes
and 60 g of protein from Whole Foods the
guy who's taking 60 g of protein from
whole food is going to get a lot more
gain than the guy was taking 200 g of
protein from protein shakes believe it
or not I've tested it on so many of my
friends and on myself but anyway um uh
back to what I'm doing today so pretty
much like I said I'm I'm making my mails
for the day uh today I supposed to have
work in school but then because of the
weather alert they Clos everything now
so I got a chance to uh you know stay
home I'm going to train twice a day I
train every other day Monday Wednesday
Friday so I have 4 days to rest today
I'm going to train twice um in the
morning like the first session which is
now is going to be like really heavy and
later on at night it's going to be the
same body parts but like a you know like
less weight kind of like volume um you
know trying to get a full pump cuz I
have Saturday and Sunday off so I'm
trying to get the the most of my workout
today I'm make a separate video
explaining why why I'm training this way
but um uh here you have uh I don't know
if you can see
lettuce
um
tomatoes chicken chicken brine chicken
that I put in the oven yesterday watch
my video on how to brine chicken if you
don't know how to
um also my for my vinegar what I
normally do is I take uh olive oil I
make my own vinegar I take olive oil I
take rice vinegar I put them [ __ ] in
uh like a little cup and I put brown
sugar and I mix it up so I use this for
my olive
oil I use this for the vinegar I put
them together and I use some brown
sugar to um to mix it up and I put on
top of my lettuce why do I do that
because I hate to chase of salads and
lettuce and stuff like that and like I
said Cham 3D Alpha no [ __ ] excuses
you know something is good for you even
if you hate it you got to find ways to
eat that [ __ ] uh so I'm doing this to
get my body used to eating lettuce once
I'm used to eating lettuce and I'm I'm
actually familiar with the taste then
I'm going to cut back on the sugar and
things like that but do whatever it
takes for you to get your Whole Foods in
uh the first one like I said has chicken
tomatoes
lettuce and this one has a eggs it's
going to be like my second meal and when
I'm done training it's back loading time
I'm going to go ham on some carbs you
know what I'm saying I made this
yesterday let me show
y'all I know if you can see it's uh
pasta with bacon and chicken and [ __ ]
bell peppers different colors all
colorful and [ __ ] um butter cheese whole
whole bunch of cies yeah that's what I'm
eating now I'm back on car backloading I
noticed I'm getting leaner even though
I'm still barking the last time I was
lean I was 60 I'm going to put the video
right here so you can see it now I'm 190
and I'm somehow my sixpack is starting
to come back slowly and my weight is
going up and um my strength is still up
there so like I said carback loading is
a miracle man John ke I love you for
that all right so that's my meal so far
later on I'm going to eat my fruits
after the gym and try to eat my macros
for the day all right guys hope this
video helps um also what I ate for
breakfast was uh I have my coffee right
coffee with a scoop of protein shake um
cuz I'm not trying to take a pre-workout
cuz it [ __ ] up my sleep pattern cuz I
work out late you take a pre-work
workout late you stay up all night which
is bad and I took um 2 tbsps of oatmeal
um only reason for that is cuz I'm going
to train twice today typically I
wouldn't on call back loading but I'm
doing this today cuz I'm going to train
twice and it's um it's little digesting
so it's not a big deal all right guys
hope this video helps like it all that
good [ __ ] bye
