all right guys what's going on Megan
here one quick tip for a lot of you guys
who can't feel your shoulders when you
work out a lot of people tell me that
hey me I don't get a good pump in my
shoulders when I train and trust me it's
common as [ __ ] that is very common a lot
of people just focus on the whole
Progressive overload thing which is very
important don't let me wrong but I
always if you can't feel the muscle
working after the workout you don't get
that pump you never get that that not
not necessarily sess the next day but
that tight feeling even while you're
training you wasting your time so anyway
this one thing that I that I did to to
help me get the pump and the filling
back in my shoulders is cut the weight
down obviously like here I'm only using
25 and 25 and once again 40 seconds to a
minute right keep the muscle on tension
from a minimum of 40 seconds to a
maximum of 1 minute and You' be amazed
amazed at how pumped your shoulders look
after the first set here we did three
set but after the first set God it burns
and the just the lactic acid is crazy
and after that I guarantee you when you
go back in the gym and you start hitting
shoulders the f is going to activate all
right try it out I'm out
[Music]
