in fact i'm going to put that as the
number one predictor of low testosterone
hey what's going on megan here all right
top 10 symptoms that you have low
testosterone right so what are the best
predictors the testosterone levels or
your free testosterone levels are too
low which is obviously a sign that you
have to make some lifestyle changes
changes to your diet your training your
recovery management blah blah blah
obviously the best way to know is to do
blood work on a regular basis but let's
say you can't afford blood work or you
want to be able to gauge at home um here
are the best ways to tell right and
these are things that i cut it down to
just 10 things that you can do at home
without
you know measuring something without
checking your blood pretty much
something that anybody can do at any
time to gives you testosterone levels
and you guys know as a 90 i always
recommend
monitoring and making sure your
testosterone levels are always elevated
so that you always have high energy high
capacity to recover high strength you
know a good outlook in life and so that
you obviously don't join the dark side
right too many of you guys are letting
your testosterone levels get crushed to
the ground and instead of fixing your
lifestyle habits you just throw in the
towel and hop onto your teeth which i
can't [ __ ] stand but anyway so let's
look at top 10 symptoms and let's rank
them based on which one is the most
predictive of you having low
testosterone right so here we have
impaired ability to recover so let's say
it's very very hard for you to recover
from workouts even though you try you
pretty much doing everything right um
belly fat right your propensity to store
belly fat acts your insulin sensitivity
so pretty much what happens after you
eat a you know a big bowl of carbs you
know like a big bowl of rice or pasta
right
if it knocks you out right away and you
feel extremely sleepy
or if you're able to pretty much
tolerate it and don't get as much brain
fog especially complex carbs right
simple carbs most people will get
knocked out regardless of their
testosterone levels but complex carbs
you shouldn't be sleepy after hitting a
bowl of complex carbs next your
willingness to compete
your positive aggression
your motivation levels so how aggressive
you are in the face of challenges how
excited you are about competing and
increasing your status so obviously if
it's low then that's an indication of
low testosterone so if you're always
[ __ ] scared you're always demotivated
you have low ambition uh next fatigue
right low energy levels if you're tired
all the time next very very low muscle
mass so it's very hard for you to put on
muscle despite proper training proper
nutrition next anxiety levels right so
if you're always sad if you're always
depressed if you uh you know if your
mood is always trash that's obviously
symptom
next facial hair right we're going to
see where that ranks you know if uh
the lack of presence of facial hair or
even body hair you know is uh
is indicative of testosterone levels so
you're going to find out if that's true
or not and where that ranks
this one obviously i don't want my
videos to get flagged but that's pretty
much morning erections right so how
frequent your erections are and the
amount of molding wood
uh you you get on a weekly basis
this one i put
i'll put yeah buddy but this is pretty
much uh how deep your voice is right so
if you have a high-pitched voice that's
that is that a symptom of low
testosterone well you're gonna find out
and last but not least you know memory
you know if you have [ __ ] memory or [ __ ]
spatial uh memory is that a symptom of
low testosterone all right so let's find
out let's pick them at random so
propensity to store belly fat right so
let's say you store a lot of belly fat
even though your diet is not that trash
and you know you active you go to the
gym but for some reason you just
keep accumulating fat around your
midsection is that a predictor
is that a low testosterone symptom i'm
gonna put that one at very likely right
again this is assuming that your diet is
not as bad and everything else is good
um that's very likely that you have low
testosterone
because obviously testosterone plays a
huge role in increasing the amount of
adrenaline receptors on your fat cells
and also taking fat cell precursors
right stem cells and turning them into
uh precursor for muscle cells so
testosterone has a very very powerful
effect on your ability to lose fat so if
you have a very very hard time losing
fat even though you're trying everything
um again let's assume you're making
progress but at a very slow rate very
likely that you have low testosterone
right especially if you know your
testosterone being converted into extra
dial all right next um again poor
insulin sensitivity so let's say you
insulin resistant [ __ ] right so let's
say you eat you know ebola complex carbs
and
within a few minutes you extremely
sleepy and you have brain fog and you
know you just you just can't process
carbs effectively right uh very likely
that you have low testosterone because
obviously testosterone plays a huge role
in increasing your insulin sensitivity
through various mechanisms increasing
glucose transport increasing insulin
receptors and increasing the rate of
glycogen represent blah blah so yes so
very likely that you have low
testosterone if you have this symptom
next
let's say it is very hard for you to put
on muscle despite you having a good
training program i'm going to put that
at tough to tell because yes even though
the number one predictor
um of how much muscle you can build i
shouldn't know the second predictor is
the androgen receptor density which
obviously has to be activated by
testosterone there are way too many
factors that also influence how much
muscle you can build right your
myostatin the phylostatin ratio the
amount of cortisol in your system
how well your program is designed your
nutrition which obviously plays a
massive freaking role right most people
train hard enough believe it or not it's
just that nutrition is trash there are
too many things that can be responsible
for you uh struggling to put on muscle
so it's tough to tell if you have low
testosterone just because you don't have
enough muscle after like a few months of
lifting right again it might be a cause
but it's not the soul um it doesn't play
that much of a role in light of all the
other factors now if everything else is
good so your training is good your
program is good your nutrition is good
your recovery management is good and you
still struggle to put on muscle then
yeah there's definitely an issue with
the engineering receptor all with
testosterone oh free test that's wrong
all right next your mood right so if you
always depress or have very high anxiety
and
uh you know you have low low feelings of
well-being low confidence then it's very
likely that you have loads of stuff so
the reason why i'm not putting ours
because it could be due to other things
right keep in mind i'm assuming this is
chronic right this is not like once in a
blue moon if it's chronic
very likely you have lots of stuff so
it's not extremely likely because again
you might have genetic polymorphisms
with your dopamine transporters or
dopamine receptors or your serotonin
levels all right you might have issues
with the enzymes that
synthesize serotonin or again the
binding affinity of serotonin to its
receptors so many other things not even
though testosterone obviously influences
dopamine and serotonin but again it
could be due to just
other things
all right so it's very likely that you
have low testosterone if you have if you
experience the symptom um those symptoms
but it's not extremely likely next if
you have a high pitched voice
does that mean that you have low
testosterone
it is
very unlikely right because remember
even though testosterone does play a
role in how deep your voice is it's
mainly like around puberty right what it
increases the the size of your vocal
cords your larynx and stuff like that so
after puberty you know your testosterone
going up or down it's not really going
to affect um how deep your voice is now
unless you like a girl transitioning to
a boy and then you're injecting a crap
ton of testosterone then yeah of course
your voice is going to change but by the
male if you're going from a thousand
nano gram per deciliter to starts to run
to
to let's say 300 nano gram per deciliter
your voice is not going to change you
know to a significant amount same thing
with free testosterone if you go from
like let's say
240 uh picogram per milliliter to let's
say 50 pg per ml your voice is not going
to change that much right so um so
that's very unlikely that you have low
testosterone just because you have a
high pitched voice i mean look at ronnie
coleman right you know
his voice is high pitched than a
[ __ ] but obviously he had high
testosterone before he hopped on the
juice all right next morning wood
erection frequency right how often you
get you get morning but very likely
right so if you have low morning what so
let's say you get money with like once a
week or some people i have some people
who only get money with like twice a
month you know because i actually track
that when i'm dealing with my clients
trust me i'll check everything um if
your morning work frequency is extremely
low so you you rather get it then very
likely that you have low testosterone
because again even though that's
your morning wood and your erection is
influenced by many other factors
testosterone does play a huge role in
nitric oxide synthesis and
dilating your blood vessels increasing
blood flow to your [ __ ] uh
uh eggplant so so if your morning with
frequency is very very very [ __ ] low
it's very likely you have low
testosterone also conversely when your
testosterone levels are sky high and
trust me ben had done that i've been on
the high end and the low end when i was
in college i was on the low end because
i was always stressed out not eating
right not sleeping right and my t levels
were crushed
i was getting no morning woods all right
yeah when i was on the high end so
usually doing amateur recess when i'm
recovered when i'm when my diet is
perfect when i'm low on stress i get
morning wood constantly to the point
where it wakes me up because i'm like
[ __ ] i can't even turn around and sleep
on my uh on my stomach same thing with
my clients right the ones that have very
hard to start some levels always have
morning wood almost always but again the
reason why it's not hard is because
other factors also play role um all
right so next if you tired all the time
it's extremely likely that you'll lose
fast and keep in mind i'm saying if
you're tired all the time that's
assuming that you're eating enough and
you're sleeping enough because obviously
if you just sleep like [ __ ] like i said
yeah let's say you sleep like five hours
right and you're tired
that doesn't mean you have a low teeth
right obviously you're gonna have low
tea acutely because you didn't sleep
enough but um i'm talking about chronic
fatigue if you're constantly tired no
matter what you eat whether you're in a
surplus or not um whether you sleep or
not there's a very huge chance
that you have low testosterone right all
low free testosterone because remember
you could have you could have high or
normal testosterone but low free
testosterone due to elevated sex hormone
globulin and stuff so extremely likely
again because the starch plays a massive
role in energy production right your
head
right your red blood cells increasing
dopamine transmission you know which
obviously converts to noradrenaline and
adrenaline increasing like i mentioned
earlier increasing glucose transport and
glycogen replenishment and blah blah
blah blah
and also increasing insulin sensitivity
which obviously allows your cells to
absorb glucose right so if you're
extremely tired chances are something's
wrong with your testosterone levels
right keep in mind this is assuming that
you eating and sleeping and obviously
drinking enough water because it doesn't
matter how your testosterone levels are
if you're dehydrated or you don't sleep
enough you don't eat enough of course
you're going to feel tired so this is in
the context of someone who's doing
everything else right and it's still
chronically fatigued
so yeah it's extremely likely you have a
low t right and in fact that's one of
the main reasons why people want to
increase the testosterone levels right
everyone thinks that testosterone uh you
know that the goal of increasing
testosterone is just to get more muscle
yeah that's that's the bonus for most
people after a certain age they just
want to feel better right
which is also why telenates maximize
your testosterone levels not just for
the muscle building benefits not just
for the fat uh burning benefits but so
that you can always feel amazing always
want to tackle life and so you can
actually execute your training program
effectively because who the [ __ ] is
gonna execute a training program
correctly if they always feel like [ __ ]
right you're gonna train with [ __ ] rpe
you're not going to recruit your high
threshold units um anyway i'm going to
change it so yeah
extremely likely next memory loss tough
to tell right if you have you know if
you're struggling with memory loss out
of nowhere it's tough to tell because it
could be due to many things maybe your
diet is deficient in choline so your
acetylcholine levels are too low or
maybe you have some underlying
conditions or
like say maybe you dehydrated i mean
many things can impact your memory short
term right so tough to tell right right
in fact that's why some studies show
better memory after testosterone some
show no changes all right so start to
tell
next if it's very hard for you to
recover from workouts right so you have
[ __ ] recovery
uh capabilities
very likely you have low testosterone
right again it's assuming that you're
sleeping well and you're eating well
because again if you're doing those
things and you still find it hard to
recover chances are you have very very
low free testosterone levels you know
all elevated cortisol levels
which obviously competes with
testosterone for production and activity
so
monitor your ability to recover if
you're on hp training it's very easy
right because you're using your h day
your heavy day every monday or whatever
to monitor your recovery status
obviously if your performance on heavy
day keeps going down uh it's barely
going up then chances are you're not
fully recovered right and if you're
doing everything else right your
nutrition is good your sleep is good and
you still find it hard to recover
chances are your assassin levels are
[ __ ] right this thousand plays too
many physiological roles that impact
recovery increasing protein sentences
lowering protein breakdown keeping my
statin low competing with cortisol
increasing glycogen replenishment
obviously increasing
red blood cells and increasing your
energy
increasing igf-1 receptor blah blah blah
blah right so if you have issues with
recovery chances are your free
testosterone
is very low next low facial hair all
right unlikely right just because you
have a low facial hair doesn't mean you
have low testosterone right same thing
with pubic hair and [ __ ] like that right
because that could be due to just
genetics remember testosterone through
the androgen receptor mainly increases
the transcription of genes so if you
don't have the genetics for facial hair
you know you couldn't you could have
high testosterone levels and and a [ __ ]
beard right and obviously engineering
receptive density also plays a role here
so yes just because you have low facial
hair does not mean you have low
testosterone you know it could be but
it's not a
a very powerful predictor
uh last but not least
low aggression
low willingness to dominate and compete
and whatever extremely likely in fact
i'm gonna put that as the number one
predictor of low testosterone and this
is not only through the research but
through over a decade of working with
people and coaching
guys the moment i have a client or even
a friend you know i haven't do blood
work right i was looking at the
testosterone that was in the free
testosterone levels in the shbg lh
prolactin blah blah blah right and the
correlation is insane
right
people that have low testosterone or on
the low end of the testosterone range
are very very very very afraid of
competition right they don't like to
compete they have low ambition you know
the the smallest thing is enough for
them to be satisfied whereas my friends
and clients and myself included when we
on the high end of the testosterone
range naturally of course oh my god
right they want to compete
constantly they want to take over the
world i mean it's it's a night in their
difference and obviously the research
backs it up as well it's not just
coalition is an acquisition no we know
the mechanism of action
um we know exactly why testosterone
increases competitive behavior right
through effects on your serotonin
transmission
through effects when you make the liver
blah blah but long story short if your
willingness to compete your ambition
your uh
your positive aggression is is just low
i can guarantee you
that you have low testosterone right or
not optimal testosterone levels because
once again testosterone has a huge
impact on your dopamine levels on your
dopamine activity your no adrenaline
activity your right epinephrine
depending on what country you're in
right the receptors on your amygdala
your serotonin
way too many effects on that right in
fact there are so many studies where you
could just take an animal like a rat or
whatever and inject them with the stats
one and out of nowhere to start [ __ ]
up all the other rats and start
competing for status you know same thing
with deer and elephants and every other
animal so that's the best predictor of
low testosterone now of course there are
some exceptions but most of the time
this will uh do the trait right so recap
if you have
low ambition
low willingness to compete low positive
aggression or if you chronically tired
despite sleeping sleeping enough and
eating enough it's extremely likely that
you have low testosterone next if you
struggle with belly fat despite
obviously doing the things needed to do
to minimize that if you have a horrible
tolerance of carbs complex carbs to be
specific so meaning they always knock
you out after you eat them um if you're
always anxious and low mood low
confidence low self-esteem if you don't
get enough morning wood if you don't
have enough morning wood or frequent
erections or if your ability to recover
is trash then it's very likely you have
low testosterone and if you struggle
with muscle mass or you have poor memory
poor recall then it's tough to tell
um if you have low facial hair then it's
unlikely that you have low testosterone
it could just be a genetic thing or just
poor blood flow to your face and if you
have a high pitched voice then it's very
unlikely that your lotus starts on right
unless you go to puberty and your voice
doesn't change at all then yeah
something is wrong but anyway guys hope
this video helps if you have any
questions post them on the reddit
make sure you read the rules before
posting first though all right guys i'm
out of here all right guys don't forget
to like or share the video subscribe and
hit the bell and buy my hsp nucleus of a
little training program it's the
ultimate program for maximum muscle
growth it includes full body workout
splits bro splits push-pull
home workouts you name it also comes
with a complete guide for macros
nutrition fat loss muscle growth
hormones
including a meal plan it's pretty much
all my 16 years of experience
condensed into one [ __ ] book you're
also going to get free copies of any
future edition so visit team3d alpha.com
and you can use the forty percent off
coupon code nucleus overload or you
could just buy this [ __ ] at full price
all right guys i'm outta here
