all right guys next in line is charcoal
[ __ ] right I call them charcoal
[ __ ] in Africa once again right
we had these guys right they used to
it's funny they used to Lo we I I I
don't know what they were [ __ ] called
I us I just call them sh guys they're
really black cuz they work with shal
right they're really really dark right
and it's not the skin it's just a shal
and they would load up this huge bags of
charcoal right and charcoal charcoal
you're saying charcoal what's the
different charcoal Char [ __ ]
charcoal right they put on the back of
the bicycles and they will rise they
ride up and down ride rise you know go
up the hill they'll rise up on the Hills
they'll ride the bikes up the hills up
and down up and down all they a really
really sad job because they had to
support their family and you know you
know those places in Africa charcoal
charcoal right charcoal business was you
know making a lot of money for them so
one thing about them was you know I'm in
my car with my mom and my sisters and
[ __ ] we always looking at them and
they're going up these Hills I mean it's
painful because it's like they're not
even moving but yet that you know cuz if
they [ __ ] up the bike was all the way
down you know and they would do this
every single day we just call them Chuck
[ __ ] and do you know what was
the one thing one thing that always
stood out about them other than them
being dark as tall they [ __ ] lags
they were skinny right the whole body
was skinny cuz they they myish they're
poor they would get off the bike you
know knock on your door you know sell
you it's kind of like a newspaper thing
they s you the charcoal and you see it's
almost as if there they weren't shorts
hot as [ __ ] and you see the [ __ ]
quash we poking out through the shores
every time and we always laugh at them
because they're like upside down pyramid
skinny at the top cuz they don't have
enough you know food and [ __ ] but the
bottom was like this all of them right
and we obviously make fun of them
because it was every single one of them
every time you met a charcoal guy huge
quads now you guys tell me does it take
rocket science to figure out why all
these guys right had huge ass squads you
take your bicycle and you ride up in h
for like I don't know they were doing
this for hours a day but you just do
that sh for 20 minutes and you tell me
what happens at the top of the hill when
you get off the bike you're going to
have this huge pump in your quads and
they were doing this every single day
they didn't have a choice in fact they
were there were subscribe people were
subscribed to their business so they had
to deliver in one house a Monday another
black was there on and on and all these
ideas come back to mind when I started
studying this over little thing all
these things came back to everything
made sense next
[Music]
guy lazy person I still am and I believe
that lazy people have the most potential
out of every
human fact we so lazy because the first
one is believe it or not
