all right guys what's up um I get this
question a lot cuz I have the same
problem how to grow big traps and um
like I said I've been trading traps
forever as long as possible you guys if
you follow my channel you know I've been
doing it for a long time with no results
right I tried shrugs I tried heavy shugs
I tried High Reps Low Reps squeezing at
the top squeezing at the bottom I tried
deadlifts I tried I tried everything
right um upright rolls whatever you want
to call it my TR just didn't seem to
grow um so I got fed up and I started
doing a lot of research on it you guys
some my other videos I did a lot of
research on traps and I'm still doing
research on because it's my obsession
right it's just the the muscle that I
want the most out of everything you know
and the more research I do the more I
stum the more I Stumble up on things and
I make videos on them right and I keep
researching more and more and more and
this this thing that I came out with
recently just blew my mind because I was
talking to my uncle one day and we were
talking about uh the trapezius and I I
told them well maybe this a different
maybe the because the best way to grow a
muscle is to do uh to train it in its um
do what it was meant to do right your
bicep brings you know this part of your
arm forward so obviously you want to do
curls your triceps extends your forearm
and [ __ ] so you you want to do
extensions so that's easy but the Trap
is a little different you know uh it it
does it raises your scapula depresses
your scapula retracts your scapula and
all of these movements don't give me the
TR that I want right and when I look at
the people that have big traps a lot of
them don't even do those movements a lot
of guys with big traps don't even strug
to be honest or even if they do strug
they'll do it after shoulders kind of
like a finishing exercise it's not
really their priority you know nobody
goes to the gym to train traps really if
you think about it very few people do
that because they're they're athletes
but most people have Monday chest day
Wednesday whatever arm day nobody has
like Thursday trap day you know but yet
those guys have humongous traps so what
I did was I wrote down once again took a
piece of paper when I was at work and I
wrote down all the guys all the athletes
that have big traps in their profession
and I also wrote All the people in
general people that I know people on
YouTube bodybuilders that have huge
traps and I looked for the Common Thread
you guys know I'm big on looking for the
common threat what do they have in
common if I could find the one thing
they have in common I could find a
secrets to having big traps other than
just genetics you guys know me I hate
using genetics as an answer it does play
a part but when you looking for
knowledge and you want to discover new
things never believe in coincidences I
don't believe in coincidences and I
don't believe in chance I don't believe
in genetics uh as far as you know you
know um people that have huge body parts
like I said genetics play somewhat of a
role but when a lot of people in the
same category have have a huge muscles
is because of something they're doing n
out of 10 so um I wrote down on my on my
scrap paper right uh football players
the list people that have huge traps
football players rugby players wrestlers
MMA fighters uh some of them do some
boxes have big traps power lifters
Olympic lifters after the biggest traps
bodybuilders and strongman competitors
then also wrote down people in general
right people that we know people that I
know put down like The Rock has huge
traps Marco big Marco Matt The Lazy line
has big traps my uncle has decent Siz
traps uh this dude at the gym that I saw
was these huge uh caves had ridiculous
Cavs I mean traps and um TW the twins
the twins have good traps you know how
Matt OAS has good traps when he was
buling guys you should have saw TR with
[ __ ] huge uh Chris Jones has huge
traps U Elliot hul has big traps um who
else did I write you
know I can't read this bodybuilders
Ronnie Coleman Johnny Jackson so I wrote
down all these guys on the piece of
paper and I looked for the Common Thread
what do they have in common obviously
they lift ways uh but one thing that I
notic that that they had in common was
they didn't really train traps directly
they didn't really go to the gym just to
do traps you know some of them would do
like football players would would train
it and wrestlers just to like you know
kind of uh be able to take her Las in
and stuff like that but it wasn't a
priority for them they were they worked
on other things but the one thing that I
found out that they have in common was
big ass legs if you notice the people
that I just listed all those athletes
and those people everyone that has 99.9%
people with big huge traps have great
strong legs right and it's one thing I
never thought about it before pause for
a second think of the last person you
saw were huge traps and tell me if his
legs were [ __ ] skinny if you had
chicken legs you know they all have huge
traps I mean huge legs even if it's not
big R through to their body is pretty
big bigger than the average person so I
thought man like that that's the lane me
and my uncle were were discussing this
and I told him well what if the traps
play a different function other than
just raise and lower your scapular right
maybe that's the reason why shrugs and
whatever else don't work for me maybe
they do something else and he told me
this which spark a crazy trainer thought
he said the muscles are not just here to
move the to to do movements they're also
there for protection muscles are there
to protect your bone and your organs so
I thought well hm let's see if let's
assume that the trapezius was a protect
the muscle right now I'm looking at it's
a different idea different philosophy
I'm looking at muscles as protectors
instead of just move movers what bone
will the trapezius protect so I looked
at the human anatomy and I looked at
what the uh what was the the the bone
the most important bone that was the
closest to the trapezius and obviously
it's the you know the [ __ ] um the
spine the trapezius is Clos your spine
the T was up here and your spine was
over bit down so I thought well okay
that's one thing that the trapezius
might in theory you know educated gas
hypothesis and then everything be to
make sense like the light bulb went
on if my theory was right if my
hypothesis was right if the trapezius
primary function was not just to move
the scap but was to protect the spine it
would make sense that any exercise or
any movement or sport that puts the
spine in danger Will stimulate the
trapezius and I went back to the list of
athletes I just I just I just name think
about it guys all these Sports put the
spine in danger and all these athletes
who play those Sports have big traps it
kind of goes into line with the that
little bro science theory I have like
football players collisions you know put
the spine in danger and I wrote down all
the exercises that put the spine in D
I'm going to get to that later look at
that football players wrestlers the spa
is in danger MMA fighters boxers you
know uh powerlifters obviously the spawn
D I'm look at movements to do Olympic
lifs strong man bodybuilders and then I
wrote down all the EX exercises that
those athletes do and guess what I came
up with I mean I wrote down all the
exercises that put the spine in danger
the the the 10 most dangerous exercises
for the spine that put the spine under a
lot of stress and I came out with squats
overhead press clean snatch you know all
the Olympic movements collisions
football hint hint former walks cuz you
got to stabilize your torso and [ __ ]
wrestler Bridge Stone loading and
deadlifts and by coincidence hint H you
know don't believe in coincidences all
these athletes do these exercises well
some of them do these exercises so I
thought wow man it's it's a big
coincidence that football players and
wrestlers and all these guys do at least
some of these exercises that put the
spine in danger and they all have big
traps but here here's where gets
interesting some people don't do some of
these exercises out of the athletes on
my list so I hope my camera is still
playing yeah still playing so what is
the what is the key exercise what is the
secret and if you notice these guys
don't do really don't really strug a lot
right so I thought what well what is the
exercise because most body builders
don't do clings and snatches and jerks
most boxes don't do deadlifts you know
most um [ __ ] um I don't know
powerlifters don't do stone loading you
know so I was like what is the excise
they all have in common and this is what
I realized I looked over at the list of
the people that I know that have big
traps and that also have big legs and
squats was the one thing that all all
these guys have in common all these guys
football players have to Squad rugby
players have to Squad wrestlers you know
have to have to Squad to be powerful
boxers you know they have to have strong
legs boxers look at Mike Tyson legs they
have to have strong legs for boxing
that's where most of your power come
from uh Power lifters have to squat it's
one of the mandatory exercises Olympic
lifters have to front squat bodybuilders
have to squat strong man have to squat
then I looked at the people the like
Malco Mt Marco whatever the twins all
these people have great legs and the
squats is one of the one of the best
exercises that gives you great legs now
obviously there's some exceptions like I
know the twins don't Squad and things
like that but they train their legs so
the conclusion of this I I came to the
conclusion
that most people that have big traps
didn't set out to get big traps they're
mostly trained for bigger legs they need
legs for their profession or or or for
whatever for aesthetic reasons and in
the process of getting big of trying to
get big legs they grew bigger traps and
I realized that well squats is the one
exercise that all these guys are comment
so you want to get big traps now this
just in theory I believe that you must
squat cuz if all these guys that have
huge traps have squats in common I mean
it's an exercise that you know you
should be doing anyway so maybe heavy
squats is required to to grow traps and
I said my bro signs theory is maybe it's
because it releases a lot of
testosterone but that's not bro signs
but maybe it's because you know um
squats put a lot of pressure on your
spine and your trapezius somehow has to
uh keep your posture straight so it has
to get bigger and stronger in order for
you to keep your upper back you know uh
you know squeez you know tucked in and
[ __ ] like that so it's not really like
it's not science it's just something
that I was [ __ ] around in school with
and I came with that conclusion but guys
try it out if you need if you want to
grow your traps desperately like like
like me try starting heavy squats right
uh because obviously you got to put the
ball in your in your traps that's one
it's a immense weight on your traps
that's one and two Your Spawn is in
dangerous so your traps has to be strong
in order for you to keep your too
straight so um and guys it's amazing
look how all these guys have big legs uh
The Rock has huge legs Marco has [ __ ]
huge legs Matt the least lion has big
legs for a size my uncle has huge legs
uh the dud at the gym I told you about
with the big trust had these huge legs
um he does a lot of squats also the
twins have huge legs uh I'm guessing
that they don't they don't s but they
probably do like leg presses and [ __ ] we
still kind of push the sponding danger I
guess Matt Aus has huge uh
legs uh for his size Chris Jones has big
ass legs Elliot hul I'm pretty sure I
haven't seen his legs but I'm pretty
sure he has big legs um Ronnie Coleman
Johnny Jackson I'm not going to mention
these guys they have huge legs you know
they're bodybuilders uh strong men have
huge legs bodybuilders all these guys
out this they all have [ __ ] huge legs
so obviously uh you know it's a
conclusion that that you can draw I'm
not saying it's the only way to get big
traps but it plays a part if you can
find somebody that has huge overly
develop traps and and and chicken lags
send me a message maybe I might have to
look back in my little Theory here and
look for like a a loophole but so far
squat is the exercise that they all have
in common squat is the excise that puts
the most stress in your spine and squat
is is
um uh it's the exercise that people that
have puny traps do less I'm not going to
lie I don't squat I just I recently
started squatting a lot CU my lower back
is is feeling better now but all the
guys I know that have that struggle with
with traps have puny legs right or they
just don't do with their legs so not
only the exercise that all the big trap
[ __ ] have in common it is also
the exercise that all the no trap having
[ __ ] barely do so see it's it's
too many things hinting towards the
squat or any exercise that puts the SP
spine in danger so I hope this video
helps guys try it out if you need your
trap to grow try heavy ass squats and um
or try any of these movements that I
that I wrote down here that put the the
the spine in danger squats overhead
presses cleans snatches collisions fmer
walks wrestler Bridge Stone loading
deadlifts and like I said all these 10
exercises the people that do them the
most often have humongous traps so
um hope this video helps man I'm I'm I'm
going somewhere with this I'm not done
as you can tell this is just scrap I was
just [ __ ] around at work and I feel
like I found a lead that I can follow
but so far my theory is the trapezius
main function is not just to move the
scapula it's to keep it asymmetrically
you know to keep it flex and tight to
protect your spine doing those movements
so the best to get you your traps to
grow will be to do exercises that make
that movement harder all right guys the
video is longer than I expected but I
hope it helped you guys oh by the way in
case you want um like a quick uh uh
workout for your traps like I said
strikes and upright rules don't really
do it for me I mean they they give me a
good feel but I'm never s the next day
and I use sness as an indicator a lot of
people don't do that but I do cuz the
muscles that are s after trainum grow
and the ones that are not so after
trainum never grow but one thing that
you can do is when I do high pools clean
heavy clean pools right cuz I don't
there's no there's no point of rack it
really you're going to [ __ ] up your
wrist if your Technique is bad but you
could just do the The Jerk the you know
I mean the high pool so you can TR put
that in your routine right now what I'm
doing is cleans clean high pools right
I'm not racking it uh just pass some gas
hope you didn't hear that [ __ ] um number
two I do uh obviously deadlifts and I
put in squats in my trap routine my trap
routine and my full body workout and I
also throw in uppr roll and shrugs at
the end to kind of burn it out so make a
routine with that and if you can't do
deadlift do rack pools CU you can use a
lot more weight and it takes less ham
less hamstring and lower back
involvement so there go routine for you
clean pools uh oh high pools um rack
pools heavy all these things have to be
heavy shrugs upright rolls and I hope
that helps don't forget the squats like
this video cuz I it's a lot of [ __ ]
information I just put out there for
y'all uh stay tuned for the next videos
[Music]
