what's going on guys Megan here Hannah
recording say hiab
hi you say hi I he you all right guys
the impul are having a nice balance me
look at this look at this I was up all
night right CU I went to camera back on
me I'm conving people uh we went to
Sushi night on Monday you guys know
Monday Sushi Monday and I hate too much
got the addage fell asleep long story
short woke up at like 2 3:00 in the
morning wait actually 1:50 something
like 2:00 in the morning so I was up all
night so uh I didn't get much sleep
before work in school I only got to work
one job today so I'm good anyway so I
made this I had time you know to get up
and cook check this side guys can I see
him yeah back on now look how balanced
this is man and I got the pork chop that
I made on the George for
man comes out way better than any other
way of cooking it unless you're baking
it but it takes too long got some
veggies thanks to Baby Mama this is
actually the baby's veggies but um to to
make a little bit more for me um got
some beans for My Salsa fiber once again
I'm tired of bleeding out my ass got
some eggs Protein healthy fats you know
cholesterol for my testosterone levels
got some ketchup just to cheat a little
bit and I got this new thing I just
threw together this morning which is
sweet sweet potato cheesy sweet potato
right all I do is I grab a big ass
potato I'm going to is uh rinse it up
poke some holes in that bit put paper
towel on it throw it in the microwave
for about 10 minutes comes out nice and
soft I throw it on the pan sprinkle some
mozzarella cheddar pron whatever cheese
on stir fry it a little bit throw it
back on here that's it so all this 6
about 30 minutes guys you pork chop your
eggs beans and this meal is balanced as
[ __ ] except for one thing I'm going to
go to
it my pineapple chunks got to have your
pineapple guys yes I'm still on my and
guys all right that's it I'm going try
to make more of these if I wake up early
enough all right
guys team
3 y Come On Son
anyway y h let's let's make a video and
show them how we can Mo these insiders
and we spent like the last 10 minutes
laughing the first one is you have to
you have to
