just make my dreams come
true all right guys there goes my
breakfast for today once again eggs same
old eggs eggs with Carnation milk my
whats chill I ate that strawberry thing
yesterday okay sorry um what's this uh
[ __ ]
almonds I was going to say cashews my
healthy fast my crucifers my fiber some
carrots I like I like color on my plate
that's why I picked the Blue Plate the
more the more color the more I can force
my something to eat I got a bad appetite
guys my bacon right my saturated fats
and then here I got my uh crushed
pineapple with some grapes just a tiny
bit and that's going to be a great
breakfast for today then I'm going hit
the gym probably in 4 hours eat a
pre-workout meal probably show you guys
that one as well but anyway stay
consistent I'm out it now it is all
right guys You Make My Dreams Come True
today's song is going to be Michael
Jackson You Rock My word 4 minutes and
25 seconds long that's how how long it's
going to take
me you
my you're wasting minutes
