all the things Naturals have to do
to maintain constant or high
testosterone levels right we have to
manage our sleep one not a bad sleep
testosterone levels get crushed by 50 or
more we could go from from 700 nanogram
per deciliter to 300 if not worse from
just one night of bad sleep we have to
eat antioxidants all the [ __ ] time
because our balls are constantly being
bombarded by free radicals and oxidative
stress you name it we have to make sure
we're eating enough calories not too low
not so high the moment a caloric intake
drops luteinizing hormone drops banana
tropical this hormone drops obviously
and that's what leads to the low LH and
our body starts reducing our
testosterone production we have to
manage our protein intake too low
protein our testosterone too high also
Hearts testosterone we have to manage
how much carbs we're getting if our
carbs are too low free testosterone goes
down because ssbg goes up not to mention
DHT and five Alpha reductase and things
like that we have to monitor our
hydration status all day long here's the
most annoying part and the reason why
the number one reason why most 90s have
Lotus that's so there it is vitamins and
minerals every natural person I've met
in the last almost 20 years is deficient
in at least one micronutrient that is
crucial for testosterone production we
have to manage almost 30 micronutrients
vitamin A or the B vitamins vitamin C
vitamin D vitamin E vitamin k k 1 K2
zinc magnesium phosphorus some of them
we don't want to take too much off some
of them we don't want to take too late
off we have to manage our potassium our
magnesium our choline a copper or iron a
selenium I could go on and on when I'm
working with clients I have to look at
all of these factors to make sure that
they have optimal testosterone levels we
have to manage our omega-3 intake
omega-3 to omega-6 ratio making sure
we're getting enough fatty fish making
sure we're getting enough eggs enough
saturated fat enough cholesterol right
obviously not too much not too little as
well and a fat intake is constantly
competing with our carb intake and our
protein intake based on our training
goals we have to manage stress the
moment our stress levels go up at
testosterone levels get crushed that
includes training stress that includes
life stress mental stress homework
projects we have to manage training if
we train too little testosterone levels
go down if we train too much
testosterone levels go down we have to
walk daily and try not to be sedentary
in order to keep our blood flow optimal
in order to keep our insulin sensitivity
high enough we have to make sure that we
always competing to keep our free
testosterone levels High we have to make
sure that we're not too fat we can't
bulk for too long we also got to make
sure that we're not too lean we try to
chase the six-pack dream testosterone
levels get [ __ ] crushed by up to 90
right so we can be too lean too shredded
we can't be too bulky these are all the
things a natural person has to do and
then look at the things that are outside
of our control somewhat outside of our
control Plastics we surrounded by
[ __ ] Plastics as much as we try to
avoid it you cannot avoid Plastics guys
you I mean it's literally impossible to
avoid bpas and BPS and all that stuff
you can try as much as you want unless
you're leaving the [ __ ] cave
somewhere
because it's all around us even if you
take medication well it comes in a
plastic bottle right we have to deal
with the [ __ ] toxins in the
environment in our showers all the
[ __ ] chlorine in the water right we
have to manage the fluoride in our
toothpaste and blah blah and look at the
worst one we can't even get sick we
can't even get sick right because the
moment you are sick the first thing that
drops is your testosterone so that your
immune system can
upregulate because testosterone competes
with the immune system I can make a
whole separate video about that right
the moment we get sick our testosterone
levels drops from 50 to 70 percent
minimum
all right guys don't forget to like or
share the video subscribe and hit the
bell and by my HSB nucleus of a little
training program she ultimate program
for maximum muscle growth it includes
full body workout splits bro splits Push
Pull home workouts you name it also
comes with a complete guide for macros
nutrition fat loss muscle growth
hormones including a meal plan it's
pretty much all my 16 years of
experience condensed into one [ __ ]
book you're also gonna get free copies
of any future Edition so visit
team3dalpha.com and you can use the 40
off coupon code nucleus overload or you
could just buy the share full price all
right guys I'm out of here
