it's play my all right guys um next on
the list this actually a new list as you
can tell because I deleted the other
ones by accident so I got to remake the
last five anyway Olympic lifters Olympic
lifters guys the muscles that come into
play first of all one thing you got to
understand is Olympic LIF especially the
the you know professional ones Elite
ones they're train the same muscle every
day right not purposely because they
perform the same lifts every day look at
any Olympic lifter weight lifter routine
whether that at the top level where
there's drug use or at the bottom level
whatever it's the same thing cleans
squats overhead presses right snatches
all they do is they do the snatch which
is you know like a a clean overhead
brast you know a [ __ ] Squat and they
do the regular power clanes and pretty
much it's all front squats back squats
if you look at the routine front squats
back squats back squats to get better at
the snatch front squats to get better at
the um the par Lane and um that's it
sometimes a bunch of accessory movements
but mainly those four lifts that they do
over and over again right and when you
look at any Olympic lifter even at the
top level or the bottom level right n
enhance
whatever the one thing that stands out
number one is the traps right the
trapezius development upper traps uh the
midback right
and they quads right in fact it's
shoulders and traps quads that's all
they really have you're not you're not
going to see a lot of Olympic lifters
with huge chest or or why last whatever
now the me the muscles I mention of the
the traps the dels and the quads right
if you don't believe me look at the
pictures now what muscles are being used
doing those everyday movements doing
cleans you know they cleans every day
when you first pick up the weight and
you know get ready to do a power clean
the first pool is a deadli and no one
has to explain to you how crazy you know
dead for as far as trap development
right so they deadlift every day right
they're picking the [ __ ] up right you
can't do a clean without a deadlift
unless you're doing the hand clean then
they jerked weight up right which is in
slow motion there a little bit of
shoulder involvement but you not as much
really like your hips and triple
extension all that fancy [ __ ] then they
do the the snatch or whatever the Press
which is
delts and if you think about it when
they do the snatch and they come down
what muscle is that quads you think it's
a coincidence that the three most
dominant muscles on the Olympic lifter
are the quads the shoulders and the TR
think about it nuclear
overload next
video come
on lazy person I still am and I believe
that lazy people have the most potential
out of every human being in fact theas
we so lazy because the first one is have
to believe it or not
