hey guys what's up Megan
here uh showing you guys my workout me
and
Marco chest and biceps for today uh by
the way just collect some confusions
this is my this is the third week of our
20 rep cycle whatever you want to call
it pretty much what we do is we
experiment with rep ranges uh we do 5 to
eight reps for four weeks really heavy
weight working on strength and power and
we try to lift that we do that for four
weeks then but on the next month the
next four weeks we try to lift the same
way we're lifting with 5 to eight reps
to failure we try to lift that for 10 to
12 Reps for another four weeks and then
after that the same way heavy assp where
we're lifting the 10 reps we try to lift
that for 20 reps in the following week
so we just repeat those triple Cycles
over and over again and we get
progressively stronger really quickly
and um as you can see here I start off
all my workouts and show you guys either
squats or deadlifts I make a separate
video to explain why
um every workout you we get squats or
that I don't you know if I'm doing chest
biceps triceps whatever I pick one
depending on how my lower back is
feeling and I just do five six or five
reps high intensity low
volume um like said I explain why in a
different video if you're interested in
it's really for my central nervous
system I'm a lot stronger for the rest
of the workouts by the way um this type
of training is very very tough the 20
rep training it was my it's actually our
first time doing this and boy it not
only pays off cuz your strength goes up
tremendously I people believe that High
Reps mean um you get weaker that's not
the case if you increasing the weight
every set you know pyramiding up so we
got a lot stronger doing this and um the
pumps aane that's the biggest part of
this type of training the 20 rep red
range is mainly for Pump and faster
stretching and stuff like that and we
using Progressive overload so we don't
lose too much muscle mass or strength so
anyway first exercise here dumbbell I'm
press as you can tell uh I'm a partial R
kind of guy I don't really believe in
full range of motion when I'm training
for
hypertrophy if I'm TR for strength then
that's a whole different
story uh second exercise was G us some
breast res of 20 I don't go the way down
to my neck completely because it hurt
like hell and I actually can't do it
because of the way my body is set up my
flexibility but as long as I feel the
contraction and the blood going in the
muscle uh real explosive partial rep you
know type of training just to get you
know good
pump uh so that was the second exercise
third exercise was incline dumbbell
flies as you could tell very objective
in my workout routines I pick a body
part and I focus on it and then uh I go
on the next flipflop so obviously we
started with incline cuz that's one of
our weaknesses in the next training
cycle we're actually going to focus on
the lower part of our chest so all our
chest movements start deine presses but
anyway so yeah three movements for the
upper chest and
uh usually two for the lower chest but
we did only one today cuz Mar been a
[ __ ] complain about he's being tired
and [ __ ] so
okay my favorite exercis to the lower
pack region I was telling Marco to hurry
up because u m was full I had too many
videos I didn't have a chance to upload
for you
guys eventually got full on us okay so
anyway following this we're supposed to
do Cable Crossovers or pack de but Marco
I said he was complaining that he was
too tired and he had to work overnight
whatever so we went straight to biceps
we didn't have a lot of time left the
gym have to close so we just did ball
Bell curls bread and butter biceps and
um concentration curls same thing resets
everything is three sets 20 reps
everything and we try to increase the
weight every single set so it gets
really really hard if you never tried
this B I'm telling you 20 reps is no
joke especially when you keep increasing
the weight um thank God we only have one
more week left of this type of training
and then we go right back to the 5 to8
rep Ranch to obviously beat the amount
of weight we were using in the last 5 to
eight rep range and cyle it's all about
getting stronger and you know using the
same weight for more
reps progressively and here goes the
last exercise where the memory car got
full on us concentration girls and you
see right as I sit down to show you guys
the beautiful bicep peak of Megan the
memory card died so anyway guys thanks
for watching po question below and I'll
answer them in a separate video
