all right guys what's up my uncle here
trying out the
Nephilim Megan giant set the one set to
rule them all uh we started off
obviously with some bent over laterals
watch the first video when I give you
the detail breakdown we do it uh with
the hammer grip then we do it with the
thumbs Palms facing back grip and then
we do the B over roll to the chest so
three movements for the real delts 10
reps each uh no rep no pause in between
um move on to C side
laterals as you can tell my uncle has a
really really thick back he does a lot a
lot of rowing movements for his back and
uh R movements are number one for back
thickness everybody knows that so it is
um next we doing 10 more reps of side
lals this time slowing down to
negative make sure you watch the first
video when I when I'm want to break down
the um this one set to you guys it's
actually it's just one set guys one set
once or twice a day and you done and my
shoulders got a lot of growth out of
that a lot of growth um and on top of
the fact that I sto turning shoulders in
the gym completely cuz I wanted to give
these a you know a try um then we move
on to 10 more reps of side laterals
really fast really explosive it's one
set one continuous set the point is to
get an intense burn and most importantly
an intense pump you want to keep putting
blood into the the shoulders from
experience I realized the shoulders need
tension everyone that I met that had
great shoulders when I asked them it all
boils down to tension it did a lot of
tension for the shoulders shoulders are
not like chest so back that just need
like you know like heavyweight low reps
and anyway we move on to standing um
side laterals really fast cuz at this
point you want to cheat as much as
possible cuz like I said at this point
you're really tired it's burning like
crazy um you start around asking me cuz
it's first I'm doing this
so second is uh I'm trying to get to get
it right this movement right there there
you go uh it's another version of Sil
rrow but you're putting the dumbbells in
front of you and you're going up I I
have to make a video to show you guys
this one because I came out with this
one myself it's pretty weird but it
activates a part of your dels that you
never Prett you never you never pretty
much F before next one is another side
lateral variation this time it's the b b
arm 90Â° angle um between your upper arm
and your
forearms and like I said at this point
it burns like crazy and you can see this
activates your traps your um your side
delts a little bit of your front
delts I'm trying to show them the next
movement which is overhead side laterals
completely overhead this one is going to
engage a lot of the traps and a lot of
the front delts also a little bit of the
side delts and it's a good thing that he
pre lean so you can actually see how the
whole back muscul CH is is engaged in
this movement and like I said at this
point the burn is intense you guys
probably can't hear it because I'm doing
a narration but he's crying like a baby
it burns you do you do not put the
weight down you got to keep fighting it
keep fighting do not put the weight down
next is a white grip uppr right row and
as you can tell I do the easy I set up
the easy movements in the beginning and
then the hard movements around the end
because while while you get to the end
you your shoulders burn so much that
even uh the 10B dumbbells feel heavy so
wide grip up AR something you do with
heavier weights at this stage of the set
you could you using the same 10 pound
dumbbells but the tension for if you
were using more waist any then we move
on to front raises you can see how the
traps are engag in the front raises I
can't show his face cuz he's um number
one he's camera shot number two he's
doing his PhD in computer science so
he's going to be a professor and it's
not professional according to him to be
on YouTube and showing his body and
stuff so I try to get a back view next
one is a b over front raises or prawn
raises these are also great for your
traps I got on top of the chair to show
you guys you see how his traps run all
the way down to his um to his back when
he's doing this movement this activates
your front DS your upper traps your mid
traps and your lower traps great
movement it's front raises but you bent
over brother Fox used to do those but
standing um next up is a front raises
under hand and so like I was saying the
whole goal of this is hypoxia hypoxia
however you want to call it you trying
to keep the blood in the muscle you
don't want you don't want to let the
blood go back and get a new Supply V
oxygen so that's why you get that burn
and it's kind of like what occlusion
training does that's why occlusion
training is so good is because you're
keeping the blood in the muscle and um
you're not giving it new oxygen supplies
well minimal oxygen supply and it causes
hypertrophy you know look you know look
it up it works in you know on every body
type next is close grip up right roll
once again 10 reps 10 reps he's already
sweating uh you can see the intense pump
in the straps in his back and people
still don't believe it but yes man I
keep telling you 1,500 calories a day
you know and that's that's that's on a
good day he eats 3 meals a day his
nutrition is on point3 Ms a day but a
lot of protein a lot of fiber and
healthy fats and very little carbs and
that how is able to have that much
muscle density and he you know without
lifting super heavy he doesn't lift
super heavy and without taking
supplements I already made a video he
takes no supplements whatsoever just a
healthy healthy diet and that's it at
the end we do uh fun presses and boom
done try it out guys you would love it
it's 10 lb dumbbells and only once or
twice a day you know maybe just once a
day all right guys good luck
