hey guys what's going on Megan here
excuse the sniffing baby mama give me a
little a little something something all
right this is um I justess asked so many
times Jonathan what do you think about
cardio what do you think about cardio
and I always told y from day one I'm not
a big fan of traditional cardio the only
type of cardio I do is either jump rope
uh sprinting Hill Sprints you know
pretty much high intensity stuff or this
which is I've been doing this for a
while now it's it's a super set or giant
set whatever you pick two of your world
body parts or two body parts that you
want to improve and instead of doing
cardio walking on a
treadmill or on the bike or whatever all
that slow [ __ ] I mean if you like it go
ahead but me I just pick two body parts
that I want to improve and I just do
super sets back back and forth back and
forth No Rest in between and that's my
cardio cuz what's people forget what's
the point of cardio you want to keep
your heart pumping right not too fast
not too slow you just want to keep your
heart pumping and um cuz the hard is the
muscle you want to like uh triing it up
so I figured you know what why would I
sit on the bike or on a treadmill and
just walk or run whatever when I could
just combine cardio as you call it and
weightlifting you know so as you can see
all you got to do is you know pick two
compound movements for two of your
lagging body parts and keep super
setting back you know back and forth you
want to lift really fast cuz like I said
you're doing this for your heart it's
not really you're going to get some
muscle gain out of that don't get me
wrong but it's not really it's not
really the you know the um the purpose
you know it's a it's a bonus bonus the
hypertrophy is going to come as a bonus
really what you're focusing on is
keeping your heart going and um so you
guys before another reason why I don't
do regular cardiio because I feel like I
I lose too much muscle mass doing um 20
30 sometimes 40 minutes of treadmill or
or just a walking I don't know it's just
I don't like it I think it's boring you
know it's uh it's counterproductive
you're trying to build muscle mass so as
you can tell I picked um U mid traps
which is a lagging body part of mine and
um chest and because I'm picking two
compound movements I'm um I'm hitting
back and biceps and real delts while I'm
doing the bent over rolls and I'm
hitting uh chest and triceps and front
dels while doing the dips so you're
getting the best of words guys you're
getting like a full upper body workout
if you want to think about it and at the
same time you're doing cardio it's a
much better way of doing cardio in my
opinion so try that guys pick two body
parts that you really need Improvement
in and um uh super set them or giant set
them whatever just keep going back and
forth for up to 10 10 minutes 10 minutes
of this is more than enough to you know
to give you a good workout a good pump a
good cardio session know and as you can
tell to to keep it from being boring I'm
alternating grips I'm doing the bover
rolls to my sternum uh this one I got
from Chris then I do the bover rolls
that I normally do which you to my lower
stomach I should say to my gut and then
I also do the underhand variation you
know just to keep you know just to
switch things up and um you can't go
wrong with this guys this is protein CIS
hypertrophy a little bit uh cardio some
strength you know cuz you you training
in a fatigue State believe it or not you
get Str from doing this and um I I throw
this in in my full body workout guys
it's it's perfect you know I get to hit
my whole body three times a week and I
get to do this [ __ ] three times a week
so it's a good way to put on Mas and
stay fairly lean you know I'm not no 3%
body fat I'm only about 2% body fat but
um it keeps you Lan don't forget I put
on 40 lbs guys I went from 160 to
195 in um less than 6 months
so uh this thing has been working for me
try it out let me know what you think
and like my video
