hey guys what's going on Megan here all
right so I'll put this poll up about two
weeks ago which of these four is your
biggest 2023 goal and let's look at the
results right I'm going to tell you guys
uh what I think about this so 44 put
more money
um 28 so that was first place 28 percent
put more muscle third place was more
testosterone at 18 and uh last place was
more sexy ten percent right
um and I looked at the comments right so
this person put strengths both
physically and mentally
um keep getting yelled and get stronger
I'm Coming For That 405 bench at 18.
third person put money plus cheat
clapping equals IRT muscle gains all
these things are connected you know you
kind of get it
um Athletics becoming great at boxing
okay good I'm gonna show these four
invent man [ __ ] off right most of them
trees if I play Squad 345 bench how do I
pick all four I'm getting sold this [ __ ]
for sure I got all the knowledge and
resources I need
um she's actually very easy to get him
out of society I don't understand the
shortest people addicted to her fighting
unless you want support
Sky
um as a college outline all right so
anyway there's no right or wrong answer
but let me tell you guys why this should
have been reversed number one should
have been testosterone by fall that
should be the number one goal for every
male in the 21st century is to [ __ ]
testosterone so all the goals you have
they share right testosterone should be
number one and I'm gonna tell you
exactly why it's very simple
testosterone helps you get the other
three everyone thinks testosterone is
just to build muscle and lose fat and be
stronger guys that's just a bonus that's
just a bonus you think a lot of the guys
on trt on TR teachers because of muscle
no
the main benefit of high tea of boosting
your testosterone naturally of course is
the energy and the motivation having
high testosterone makes everything
easier it makes building muscle easier
losing fat easier but it makes making
money easier it makes you motivated you
always on Superman mode you wake up
ready to conquer the world the reason
why CEOs in the 70s on testosterone is
not just because they want to hire sex
drive well because they want more muscle
whatever some do of course it's mainly
because they want to be more productive
they want to make more money no one
wants to they don't want to be tired all
the time now of course they go about it
the wrong way right by hopping on TLC
which you guys know I'm vehemently
against unless you obviously you know
have testicle cancer or some [ __ ] right
or in the military like I always say or
freaking some kind of disease that stops
them from producing testosterone you
know things like that but other than
that for 99 of the population you're a
chump you're a fraud if you hop on trt
instead of boosting your levels
naturally and like I always say is
because you are renting your masculine
you won't respect the guy who's renting
a Lamborghini so why the hell do you
think people should respect you guys for
hopping on TLT when you could have done
it naturally but chose the easy way out
instead if you are on trt like I always
say again unless you're in the military
unless you have some kind of disease
right that's accidental not
self-inflicted right abusing Roy's and
then hopping on trt because you shut
down your natural production it's not
accidental you did that for yourself
right so unless you fit into those boxes
you are a fraud for happening on trt
like I would say you are ranting your
masculinity it comes out of a bottle you
cannot hang with the rest of us men just
like you can't go to a car show with a
ranted Lamborghini and be like oh look
vroom vroom look at my car and then we
find out it was rented right in the same
way you can't even call yourself a man
if what makes you special if what makes
you a male comes out of an injection a
bottle that's just my point but anyway
back to what I was saying the reason why
all these older guys are hopping on trt
is not for muscle it's for the ability
to make more money right if you max out
your T levels obviously depending on
your genetics you need a different
number right it's not just about oh I
need total testosterone at 1500 no you
have to factor in your Androgen
receptors your energy and receptor
density and sensitivity you have to
affect them free testosterone acids BG
obviously which affects me testosterone
yourself to factor in DHT which is so
underrated right a person with low total
testosterone but very high DHT is going
to be more androgenic than a person with
just High total T and low DHT but anyway
I'm going to top it here right so you
got to factor in all these things but
the goal is you want to bring your T
levels to a level that is optimal for
you because it's going to make building
muscle easier it's going to make it
easier for you to stick to programs it's
going to make it easier for you to
finish a program instead of quitting
halfway through and making a bunch of
excuses right because this has only
increases industriousness it makes you
more
competitive which indirectly makes you
work harder right even if you lazy
naturally as a person
right it's going to make it easier for
obviously you to have sex because think
about it more testosterone means more
work ethic more motivation more desire
to improve that's going to lead to more
money more muscle less fat right you're
gonna become a competent male and show
enough like I always say the sex will
follow so the number one goal should be
maximizing testosterone now I get with
some means so people probably put more
money because they think oh I need more
money so I've had testosterone when it's
really the other way around you need
more testosterone to make a lot of money
because as long as your T levels are
super low now if the average is fine if
you have average G levels in it you can
make an average amount of money but if
you want to make a lot of money you need
higher T because you're gonna have to
compete with millions of other men who
also want the same goal that you have
right monetary goal and the only way
you're gonna outwork them especially the
trt frauds is if you increase your
testosterone levels to an optimal range
right once you max out your T levels
based on your genetics like I said it
could be a different number of basic
genetics could be 500 for some could be
800 for some 700 for some 1200 for some
I've seen some men who are extremely
androgenic even at 500 nanogram per
deciliter now they're the exception
they're rare but when I look at their
blood work they have very high free
testosterone low shpg high DHC levels
low estradiol right so therefore even
though the total testosterone levels are
on average the actual Androgen status is
extremely high right max out that number
and I guarantee you it would make
everything else easier let me tell you
guys this one thing that I learned from
years and years and years of coaching
teaching counseling whatever is that men
with low T will find every excuse to not
get the job done every excuse it's like
they become Leonardo da Vinci when it
comes to creating excuses that will
Picasso a bunch of excuses on the
notepad things that I don't even think
about right meanwhile man on high tea
will find every reason to smash those
excuses and to get things done right
that's just what this has one does guys
it increases your competitive drop in
addition to obviously lowering your
anxiety less anxiety that means more
confidence more dopamine less serotonin
so you constantly driven right make that
your 2023 goal and don't worry I'm going
to pump out so many testosterone
boosting videos so you guys don't get
confused by all the misinformation
that's out there all the lies all the
[ __ ] supplements all that stuff I'm
gonna show you exactly step by step how
you could boost your T levels naturally
and as always for free you guys know how
I roll you want to support the channel
that's completely optional but as long
as I make content all of my information
will be available for free the ones who
want to support the channel can purchase
the book the ones who can't afford a
book can just watch the free YouTube
videos read the free articles join the
Discord on already whatever right you
guys know how to play that [ __ ]
information life changing information
should be free and I will continue to
deliver that as long as I live but
anyway guys hope this video helps make
maximizing testosterone your number one
goal for 2023 and you'll see everything
else fall in line I promise you that
peace alright guys don't forget to like
or share the video subscribe and hit the
bell and buy my HSB nucleus of a little
training program she also made program
for maximum muscle growth it includes
full body workouts plus bro splits
push-pull home workouts you name it also
comes with a complete guide for macros
nutrition fat loss monster growth
hormones including a meal plan it's
pretty much all my 16 years of
experience condensed to one [ __ ] book
you're also gonna get free copies of any
future Edition so visit team3dalpha.com
and you can use the 40 off coupon code
nucleus overload or you could just buy
the share full price all right guys I'm
out of here
