hey guys what's up Megan here this video
is about how to ultimately drink more
water everybody knows the importance of
water the gallon of water day thing or
even less for some people especially in
body building we know the importance of
water I mean your muscle is are 70%
water human body is mostly water [ __ ]
planet Earth is mostly water uh you
can't go wrong with water right uh we
just don't get enough we never get
enough in fact a doctor once told me
that uh if your PE is always yellow then
you have a dehydration problem because
never you never want to drink when
you're thirsty in fact um when you
thirsty it's a sign that you're already
into dehydration mode you know you you
you should never really feel thirst
especially if you're an athlete you're a
regular guy you get away with it you're
an athlete you burning water more than
anything else you know sweat whatever in
fact when even even when you don't see
it you still sweating you know you don't
you know it's not necessarily when you
have physical physical uh water coming
out of your body that you're sweating
your your pores are always ad me swe you
just don't see it all the time so we
always losing water and and Studies have
shown that dehydration not only can
hurtt your strength gains but your
muscle gains but anyway how do you drink
more water cuz everybody knows you know
it's hard to to hit that goal especially
when you you full I have that I have
that big problem where I'm always full
when I drink like a you know half a cup
of water well one thing I found at work
I made a video about this I think like a
year or two years ago is uh before I
drink water I will suck my stomach in
almost like doing the vacuum po I will
suck my stomach in inhale like a deep
breath don't exhale yet just inhale suck
your stomach like doing a vacuum pose
and then start gulping down the water
and I notice when every time I do that
the water just keeps going down in my
stomach and it's almost as if it doesn't
hate those spots that make you feel full
you know uh I I don't know how to
explain it how to break it down it just
works right you you inhale you suck your
stomach in and you just keep cing down
the water I could finish like a whole
bottle of water without even feeling the
water go down in my stomach until
afterwards so that's one way the second
way is uh a peanuts right by the way
everybody should be eating peanuts
throughout the day if you should if you
snacking on anything and you're a
bodybuilder it should be nuts right nuts
cashews almonds whatever they're full of
healthy fats great for your testosterone
levels great for your hormones in
general uh they slow down you know the
digestion of the other foods that you
eat so you don't have to worry about uh
too many insulin spikes and fat storage
so you should be staging on nuts all day
long
anyway uh so uh one one thing I find is
when I eat roasted salted nuts or even
nuts in general cash whatever I'm
extremely thirsty they leave my mouth
with that dry filling no matter how much
water I drank and I could G down like I
said more than a bottle of water after
you know so if you eat nuts like every 2
three hours and you stacking on that
during the day I have to eat a lot of
nuts during the morning because I'm
doing carback loading U so so my my fast
portion of the day when I'm eating
mostly like a paleo diet pretty much you
know the first half of carback loading
is like a paleo diet eating veggies and
um meat and nuts uh I have water next to
me so you know so every time I eat nuts
water water water water next thing you
know I'm almost down to a gallon so try
that guys try those two techniques let
me know how that works for you me again
over and
out
[Music]
