what's going on guys Megan here quick
video I got to get up my chest I get a
lot of questions from subscribers
telling me about Progressive overload a
lot of people taking Progressive
overload out of context uh out of
context it's one of the most important
things for Natural Body obviously in
growing I mean nobody's going to argue
that even I like breaking myths and
coming Revolutionary Ways to build
muscle but I'm never going to tell you
the progressive does not work it's just
that people take it out of context now
the way they take it out of context they
usually say they said the question was
this I'm just wa for it they said Megan
I'm getting stronger but I'm not getting
bigger why what's wrong and I got the
question so many times that I realized
it clicked in my head I was like they
they're not getting something right
they're saying I'm getting stronger but
I'm not getting bigger because they've
been taught to believe that as long as
you increase the weight on whatever
exercise you're doing over time you're
going to get bigger sounds right right
but you forget one little factor that
nexts the whole thing on equation see
guys I I to the math and engineering and
whole bunch of stuff philosophy
and it it allows me to not only look at
the big picture of things but look at
details and when you zoom out when you
look at details and you zoom out look at
the big picture your the perspective
changes if you look at the detail of
just hey I'm getting stronger I should
get bigger it makes a lot of sense when
you zoom out you get the whole the big
picture of biochemistry and how the body
grows and why it grows and why it adapts
you start understand why somebody can't
get stronger and I get bigger let me
give you an example guys you have
um now I said time and time again you do
you need heavy weights to get big hell
yeah you need heavy weights to get big
and I explain primarily not because it
stresses your muscles it activates fast
St fibers all these things but primarily
because it increases your bone density
as well you know it not only affects
your your muscles but also your your
skeletal system but then I explained
guys that the most important thing in
building muscle from experience I'm not
the biggest guy on [ __ ] YouTube but I
used to be 140 guys 140 pounds at the
peak of your your your your life it's
not a good weight so I put on 60 pounds
over the you know over the years so I
know what it takes to get big obviously
I'm not where I want to be I'm still
growing I'm still learning and I wish
the things that I knew now I knew back
then cuz I would have been so much
bigger you know and you could tell on
the graph on my on my grow spur how I
was lingering at the same same weight
for years I mean well to years I only
been B for two years but and then I
discovered a few things and then my way
skyrocketed right and then the people
that I train or I work with also get
that same crazy sprad in grow you know
you know you're doing something right
when people ask your trainees or the
people that you train if they on
steroids that's how you know the trainer
is doing something good so not to briag
but tell you guys I discovered some
things that might really help you guys
in your bodying journey through trial
and error I used to believe that as long
as I got stronger on an exercise I would
get big and that was definitely not the
case because the two things that I
overlooked Number One
Nutrition because believe it or not it's
possible to get stronger and not get
bigger you could be on a caloric deficit
lot people don't believe that you could
be on caloric deficit and still get
strong there were times when my de went
up when I was cutting there was there
are people in in third world countries
that eat like [ __ ] but yeah will [ __ ]
any of us up not only because they're
functional but they're strong as [ __ ]
right you got monks and these CH guys
were able to channel the energies and do
some crazy Spirit [ __ ] and break breaks
and do these crazy Feats and look tiny
as [ __ ] I mean the strong strongest
people in the world if you look at the
word getness Book of Records people that
could move [ __ ] trucks and airplanes
things like that my strong man just
regular people that have Incredible
strength a lot of them look like they
live right you ask them do you even lift
do these [ __ ] even live right
but yeah they're strong as [ __ ] you
could gain strength and not g muscle not
getting muscle mass food plays a big
part right protein you know eating a lot
of protein whatever and number two time
under tension I told you guys if I have
to put he weight and time under tension
if I have to prioritize them on what's
more important to build muscle I would
always say time on the tension right
because you could do one reped Maxes
your whole life you're going to get big
don't you're going to grow your body has
to adapt to that one rep once it's able
to do that your growth spre is going to
go up as your Noob and eventually just
plateau and slightly go up over the
years but when you focus on tension
that's where the growth is O Progressive
Overlord does not simply mean increase
the weight it means increase the weight
right but at the same time try to do
just as many if not more reps there are
people who are using the same that used
to work at at home who use the same
weight for 10 reps to failure and once
they were able to cuz they couldn't buy
heavier weights they were able to use
the same weight for 20 reps and got
results in their shoulders their chest
their back whatever right Progressive
Lord is not just increasing the weight
that's one aspect that helps a lot but
what it really boils down to is being
able to increase the weight and the time
on attention and here's a simple example
when I was doing my research by the way
thanks to my new nickname from one of my
fav subscribers he is because I'm like
the Sherlock Homes of bodybuilding I do
like the crazy stupid research outside
the box Sherlock I can't take that
nickname yet cuz I'm not swore yet you
know when I get to SW status I take that
Sherlock SW just I got lock so Sherlock
Get It
Anyway Sherlock
swo make sure you watch the video on
understand I'm W rocking these at night
all right you have weight lifters hope
this video is still [ __ ] playing cuz
my camera stops playing videos without I
telling me
okay if you can read that's fine that's
for me I you got weightlifters
you got bodybuilders you got
powerlifters you got strongman
competitors and in fact you have gymnast
I want to mention gymnasts people that
do the [ __ ] you know uh gymnast
Google
gy one two three four five all five of
these guys use weights right they use
weights um in fact I can also show
mention
Sprinter these are all the Jack
[ __ ] in sports it's probably
more like football players like that I'm
just going to focus on these guys right
weightlifters sprinters not all them use
weight but a lot of them do nowadays
bodybuilders powerlifters strong man
gynus they all use some kind of weight
gynus obviously use their own body
weight but it cancels resistance but
look how different the physix is if I
tell you let's say they all take the
same amount of steroids right let's say
they all take the same I'm not to say
steroid let's say they all take the same
performance enhancing drugs it sounds it
sounds more politically correct right
who's going to be the biggest who's
going to have the biggest chest for
example or the biggest arm you will all
say the bodybuilder right the
bodybuilder bam second will be I believe
the [ __ ] strong man third I would say
would be the the the
gymnast fourth the power lifter and then
the weights and the sprinters like kind
of like you know on the same level they
usually have the the same physic spe
except sprinters of more Jack now why is
it that
bodybuilders right people that think
that just because you're getting
stronger you getting bigger then why is
it that bodybuilders have a bigger chest
or bigger tricep or bigger whatever than
the rest of the group right even if even
if it's not for the illusion of you know
the smallest or whatever cross-sectional
area they have a slightly bigger
Advantage why is it they're not stronger
than powerlifters all weightlifters I
mean if strength was what it took to
build muscle weightlifters would be the
biggest [ __ ] on the planet they
have the biggest shoulders the biggest
everything because these guys move they
clean an enormous amount of weight and
then they have to jerk that [ __ ] right
bodybuilders do and you will never find
a bodybuilder who built this physique
doing 5x5 as much as I love full body
workouts 5x5 is great to increase your
strength and give you a foundation of
muscle mass but to take your physique to
that next level I said time and time
again you have to increase that time of
attention you could do five reps if you
want but you better make sure those five
reps take you at least 30 to 40 seconds
right you have to increase time of
detention the the advantage between re
why bodybuilders I don't if saw a
gymnast [ __ ] tricep guys I studied
everybody gymnast have these crazy
triceps and death cuz obviously they're
always dipping they're dipping all the
time but they don't dip for [ __ ] 3
seconds like a proba sit there and just
but oh one that Max work you know you
know work out they practice one red
Maxes which is heavy weight but low time
on attention that's they're big I'm not
saying they're small but the chest is
not as massive as the body no know the
triceps is right um but yeah a gymnist
has a crazy over tricep they don't dip
for 1 second they don't dip for 3
seconds they're dipping for extended
time under tension triceps grow
bodybuilders yes they do heavy weights
to increase their strength to be able to
progress overload later on but that's
only to be able to use that same weight
for more reps usually the every
bodybuilder does anywhere from six maybe
8 to 12 reps you hear that a lot 8 to 12
10 to 12 there's always around add that
rep you will never find a world class
body no matter how many steroids is on
who bu physic doing fire reps you know
like the whole year usually they would
do like a sequence of five reps but then
then again they will increase the rep
and just to that golden H to 12 and it's
not really the number of reps it's
really the time of the tension you got
to get that pump you got to get all that
blood going into the muscle you got to
get all the the lactic acid buil up you
got to you got to get that that um uh uh
that what's the word I'm looking for you
you want to you want to overhydrate the
cells with blood all the nutrients are
in your blood so if you only doing one
rep or two or three reps yes you getting
the blood there but it's not that over
[ __ ] I mean come on guys when you
finish doing like 20 try doing 20 rep
sets you can't tell me 20 rep sets don't
build muscle they build muscle now
obviously you want to increase the
weight to be able to go past that
Plateau but you need High Time detention
the weight LIF is the strong as [ __ ] why
do you think the strong man more strong
men have better looking physics the most
power lifters even though they're both
lifting heavy as weight what's the
difference think about it strong man
live heavy weights for a duration of
time strong men are doing former walks
for Mad [ __ ] long strong men are
doing these crazy cleaning just for like
repeated reps and as you notice strong
man have a better uh full even though
they both have that kind of like stomach
most of them whatever you know they're
not like lean like BS but they have more
muscularity if if you want to call it
that than powerlifters because they do
more time under intention PS Focus
really on one red Maxes weightlifters
one red Maxes what whatever bodybuilders
a strong man bodybuilders do 10 or 12
reps High Time ntion strong man do uh uh
walking carries all the all that time
[ __ ] it all boils down to sprinters are
so ja they don't Sprint for [ __ ] 5
Seconds to stop usually it's like I
think 20 to 30 seconds to 100 me Sprint
and they always complain that during the
interview when they talking oh man the
lactic acid is crazy lactic acid is a
byproduct of time on detention a lot of
lack you know you doing time detention
for period of time your body on a
cellular level your body can't use
oxygen as fast so he uses a lot of ATP
blah blah blah you go from you know
aerobic to anerobic make a long story
short you you know uh High tation under
resistance is going to lead to bigger
muscle gain so to answer your question
without going into too many details too
much science or bro signs yes you want
to increase your strength but you also
want to increase your time detention if
you're doing 5x five that's great those
programs work I mean Jim does the 531
he's huge but I guarantee you there's
also times when these guys also did High
rep
you got to find a way to increase the
time you could do F reps but at the end
of the workout find a way to get the
pump people say don't chase the pump I
mean be careful how you say that it's
good to Chas strength but you want to
use that strength to be able to increase
the time of the tension with that
strength get what I mean so if you only
curling 30 lbs for if you're doing 30
lbs for 10 reps and you want to increase
your the weight to 40 lbs and you're
only doing three reps that's fine but
find a way to to get that three reps up
to five then eight then 10 that's the
that's the goal high time on attention
but anyway this video is uh longer than
I expected my video is always [ __ ]
long that's the trademark of my [ __ ]
Channel I really don't care guys I hope
to answer your question increase your
time of detention I me several videos
about that go to my search Bo typ it end
and number two increase your protein
intake right just because you're
stronger there not your body's going to
grow guys there's a lot of people I'm
from Africa there a lot of [ __ ]
that we we call them n suns in my
country because they're so skinny under
and under undernourished but it's strong
as [ __ ] try fighting a crackhead even in
America go to New York City try fighting
a crackhead see how will beat the [ __ ]
out of you even though he looks like
this you could be strong and not gate
sword don't let nobody lie to you
strength does not always means mean mean
big I met so many people that that that
are that that are way way stronger than
me and have like bird pets right and
they see me and I can't even [ __ ]
bench 225 for 10 reps and they oh man
your chest is pretty big I'm like man I
was doing 100 PS a day guys right and I
have so many stories about that but
anyway the point is yes get stronger but
at the same time get stronger but
increase the time on the ition me again
I'm out of here don't forget do the
comparison guys do your own research hit
me up on Facebook for more questions
team 3D focus on is increasing not just
muscle mass but bone density right it is
very very important because mus
[ __ ] it's not just that that
you don't waste [ __ ] just your bones are
[ __ ] let's be real you got this tiny
structure your bones are not really that
dense and everybody it's proven the
bigger your bone density is whether you
work out or not your muscles will
actually be bigger than the average
person
