hey guys what going on Megan here all
right one common question I get is Megan
are my testosterone levels okay are they
good should I worry should I hop on TT
blah blah blah people get tested and
they don't know how to interpret the
results so in this video I'm going to
show you guys what you should do based
on what your testosterone levels come
back to now keep in mind this is based
on total testosterone not free
testosterone not DHT I'll make separate
videos about those also keep in mind
that your testosterone levels are not
everything it do not account for net
Androgen status okay you could have low
total te but High net Androgen status so
let's right so this is assuming
everything else is equal assuming you
have normal Androgen receptors assuming
you have noal estr ctis so blah blah
blah okay all right let's get started
let's say your testosterone levels come
back at 50 right under 50 nanog per de L
by the way I'm using nanog per de ler
not nanom Mo uh whatever to make the
conversions so it was nice knowing you
right if your T levels come back at
under 50 n g per deciliter it was nice
knowing you uh you pretty much screwed
right obviously there are things that
you can do watch all my videos all my
free content on what you could do to
bring up your tea levels I wouldn't rush
to hop on trt yet usually you got to
address the root causes right so under
50 NR per deciliter um you got to do
something I mean that that is uh female
territory right that's literally what
women have women have less than 50 N per
deciliter right the upper range for
women is like depending on the country
it's as high as 70 but that's pushing it
uh most women are around 30 40 nanogram
per de liter so if you're under 50
something is badly wrong now keep in
mind this is not the result of just one
test I always tell people make sure you
get tested multiple times because T
levels fluctuate they go up and down
within the range right so you might be
300 one morning day after that you might
be 600 might be a th000 right so T
levels fluctuate so don't look at the
results so just one test always do
multiple tests and then see your Trend
look at the average uh but anyway so
yeah if you're under 50 you
screwed next let's say you between uh
200 and 50 right so what the [ __ ] right
what is going on again you should not be
between 50 and 200 no matter what right
even if you account for the other
factors that influence that enery status
right so find out what the hell is going
on you should not be in smigo territory
or uh at fal's territory uh for my guys
who watch 300 you guys know who this guy
is by the way don't worry about these
pictures I just pick random pictures you
know just for just for shits and giggles
all right um next let's say you
around uh 400 or 200 right around 200 NR
per Deiter to 400 right so we're going
to put you here you should worry right
you in skinny go tanks territory you
should worry you should definitely look
at your your diet your training your
lifestyle right obviously your sleep
Stress Management whatever look at my
videos on my uh my post on the top 10
testost from Commandments that will
quickly let you know what you're doing
wrong right but if you if you're around
400 or 200 that's leader you should
definitely worry don't let nobody tell
you otherwise unless again unless you
don't have uh low te symptoms right if
you feel great then maybe it's just a
random time remember I told you guys
that tea levels always fluctuate up and
down depending on what you do what you
eat how you slap how you stress um so if
your tea levels are between 200 and 400
and you don't have any low tea symptoms
I wouldn't worry too much then right so
everything I'm saying here it really
depends on your symptoms cuz symptoms
are more important than any blood test
you could take right unless you're down
here yeah I I don't care what I don't
care how good you feel you should not be
under 50 uh NG NG so yeah so you should
worry if you're between 200 and 400
again unless everything else is going
well and again this is assuming that
that's the average of multiple test if
it's just one test then nobody cares uh
there are times when I get my blood work
done and I'm literally down here and I
know exactly why it's after bad sleep
bad eating being stressed out by the
[ __ ] ass kids so uh but if it's
consistent then yeah you should
definitely worry all right next let's
say you between uh 400 and 600 all right
so let's get my man DC here by the way
this is all shites and Giggles okay uh I
could make a video about the whole DC
30,000 NR per de situation but whatever
uh so you okay you okay right a lot of
guys freak out oh my God my T level was
a 450 550 you fine right the the average
is between 400 to 600 obviously the
average is not a good Benchmark because
people are unhealthy as crap um but most
people will fall between 400 and 600 so
don't freak out uh you know even if it's
after multiple test obviously H is
better but again it does not factor in
Androgen receptor signaling or density
so uh if you over here and you have no
symptoms of low te don't worry right
next let's say you between 600 and 800
right let's say you in guts territory by
the way I should put gut down here
because like I always say he's stressed
out as [ __ ] but dude gets no sleep
always stressed but um if you're between
600 and 800 you're doing good right
you're doing better than average again
all else equal assuming that your net
Androgen status is fine right um because
everyone that higher T levels means
automatically good no you could have
high total T and terrible net inden
status so assuming everything else is
fine you're doing real good between 600
and 800 right next let's say you between
800 and a
th000 that's going to put you here
you're doing great right you're doing
great nothing to worry about assuming
that you don't have any low te symptoms
as always uh keep it up right you have
plenty of wiggle room
uh you know even if you [ __ ] up from
time to time worst that will happen is
you'll drop down here or even here right
so obviously allal most people should
aim to be somewhere here right between
gut and Mighty Mouse next let's say you
are between 1,000 to 1200 let's pull out
the goal you in the end of though right
if you're between 1,000 to 1200 you know
and you from this generation I'm not
talking about back in the days right but
this generation then and again assuming
all us see assuming your shbg is normal
your n status is fine um you amazing
you're doing better than 99% of the
population um and you have nothing to
worry about chances are you should have
a great diet great sleep great
everything um like keep in mind like I
said earlier somebody can have very high
total te and low net Androgen status I
see it in many of my clients um usually
because they have very high SBG or they
have high total T but for whatever
reason the C the so also happens to be
high which is rare but happens to be
high so that testosterone and Cur ratio
is actually low right so that's why I
would say you can't just look at one one
marker um but all SQL you are doing
amazing right now let's say you wanted
the lucky few that's between
1,200 and 1,400 nanogram per Deiter all
right John Jones territory I'm going to
put this here which is ironic because he
should be up here right um yeah you
again nothing will change and people
think is it possible of course it's
possible I've seen it in blood work uh
now it's not sustainable because more
often than not the body will make you do
dumb [ __ ] that will bring your tea
levels back down um that's how the body
works the body does not like chronically
elevated tea levels it's going to either
convert to extra estrogen or it's going
to make you do something Reckless to
bring your T levels back down I have a
lot of hilarious stories about that um
so yeah so it's not even a level that's
sustainable right between 12400 and this
is assuming fasted morning tea level
right throughout the day anybody can
move up there believe it or not you
could really you could go up to 1,200
throughout the day if you're exposed to
like let's say it's right of the
training or you saw an attractive woman
or you're about to have sex your tea
levels will Skyrocket um but morning
fasted yeah this whole T list is about
morning faster levels not right after
stimulus cuz that was cu the numbers so
yeah you're doing fine next let's say
you are between
1,400 and 1,600
now a lot of you guys might think wait
is that even possible yes it's possible
and I've shown a few studies where some
men achieved that but again it was not
morning fasted it was after uh stimulus
you things that boost te so you in ujo
tier 1,00 to 1600 yes you could achieve
that naturally it is very hard to to get
that level fasted in the morning um and
most more often than not people that
have the T levels that high they will
also have high shbg you know not so high
that the free te is crushed uh but it's
very hard it's very hard to maintain T
levels that high without high sex
hormone biing gulin next now this is
where things get a little little suspect
right if you're between 1 1600 to
18800 Something Fishy right you
somewhere between the Neanderthal and
stop juice maxing right is it possible
naturally yes at the upper limit so
that's like
0.00001% of the population doing
everything right other people who could
hit that naturally people who for
whatever reason have very low estrogen
so if they have low uh estrogen
receptors in the brain or that have low
Exile signaling um is definitely
possible or people that have tumors
people that have brain tumors that up
making the
pituitary uh you know or the
hypothalamus release too much GNR then
it's definitely doable it's right there
at the upper limit of what's possible
naturally is it sustainable hell no hell
no your body's going to find a way to
you know again it's all about
homeostasis like I always tell you guys
inverted you Cur everybody's going to
find a way to bring you back down right
and it's also not healthy to have t
levels that high even if you're natural
believe it or not there's an inverted
you curve to everything right so uh
1,600
18800 yeah that's very very uh very
iffy now let's say for whatever reason
you hit 1,800 to 2,000 yeah I got to put
you up here right 1,800 the 2,000
morning fasted you taking something you
taking something it's very hard to
maintain that and again that's the
average of multiple morning blood test
stop juice maxing and last but not least
if you well over well over 2,000 you in
Thanos territory then yeah you you
definitely on something definitely on
something all right guys that's it this
is what you should do based on your
morning faster T levels I'm out
