it sounds simple it sounds dumb but
believe it or not a lot of people don't
understand this
hey guys what's going on Megan here here
are five habits that are killing your
sleep and thus your testosterone levels
remember the vast majority of your
testosterone levels are produced while
you're asleep and based on the research
most people especially if you lift
weights mean anywhere from eight to ten
hours in order to get maximum
testosterone production that's eight to
ten hours some people need 10 some
people need eight no one has optimal
levels of testosterone at only seven
hours of sleep unless your genetic
outlier so here are five habits that you
need to stop doing if you want to
maximize the amount of time you stay
asleep and how early you fall asleep
number one
guys you have to stop skipping morning
sunlight the research is very clear on
that and I made several videos about
this in the past if you're trying to
fall asleep around 10 p.m what I usually
do until my classes 10 p.m is 22 in
military time subtract about 16 hours
from that right let's say you want to
sleep eight hours so that means you want
to spend 16 hours a week so if you want
to fall asleep around 10 pm which is 22
in military time subtract 16 hours from
that and that gives you 6 a.m so that
means you need to expose yourself to
sunlight to Morning Light around 6 a.m
if the sun doesn't go up wherever you're
living at around six then fine you could
get the morning sun around seven or if
you live in a place where it's hard to
get sunlight then blast uh just
artificial light obviously don't you
know don't go blind I'm not saying you
know put your [ __ ] eyeball
um on the [ __ ] you know near light
bar but try to get as much morning
sunlight or bright light
make sure that it's very bright if
you're going to use artificial light
um and try to get that as early as
possible so again if you want to fall
asleep at 10 pm that's 22 in military
time and you want to sleep for eight
hours again subtract 16 so 22 minus 16
that gives you six so that means around
6 a.m no later no later than 7 A.M you
want to make sure that you're getting
enough light ideally sunlight but if not
then obviously bright like because some
people wake up at 6am and you know the
sun is not Rising depending on where
they live at right so in that case you
want to use a bright light but if you
can access sunlight obviously that's
better and of course what that's going
to do is it's going to set your
circadian rhythm to make sure that you
fall asleep again 16 hours past whatever
time you were initially exposed to that
bright light after waking up and
remember if you if you wake up and you
wait too long to expose yourself to that
bright light then let's say you see the
light let's say you you do the exposure
around uh 10 a.m well now you're adding
another 16 hours to that before your
body releases melatonin optimally it
makes you fall asleep so you're delaying
um when you're gonna fall asleep if you
do not expose yourself to bright light
as early as possible so that's number
one number two the second habit is once
again
looking at too much bright light before
falling asleep right so again if you're
trying to fall asleep at 10 pm guys you
want to make sure that around 8 7 P.M
you are either turning off all the
lights in your apartment make sure if
you're watching TV the TV is far away
from you or you wearing um blue light
blocking glasses or you have your phone
on uh on sleep mode but whatever you do
whenever the sun sets assuming that you
already fixed your circadian rhythm make
sure that you do not expose yourself to
Too Much bright light
right and almost all of you guys are
[ __ ] this up right because you super
close to your phone while laying in bed
or you know you're super close to your
phone around eight nine ten some of you
guys even 11 you know p.m and trust me
that's enough light to mess up your
security and everything remember your
body needs darkness in order to release
melatonin right so stop [ __ ] up with
your body securing your Rhythm by
exposing yourself to way too much light
you know when it's night time I always
tell people the best way to know when to
cut off the lights is when the sun sets
when the sun sets then that should be
your cue to start reducing the lights
keeping the phone away from you if
you're gonna use your phone make sure
that it's far from your face or if you
can't help it make sure you have you
know blue light blocking glasses the
third thing lifting too late in a day I
keep telling you guys guys you got to
work out in the morning the best time to
work out if you want to be productive if
you want to have good sleep it's in the
morning I could make a whole separate
video explaining why now that doesn't
mean that you you know if you work out
in the evening you're gonna [ __ ] die
that's not what I'm saying I'm saying
for optimal sleep try not to work out in
the evening mainly because if you train
hard
which you should you should be training
hard if you're trying to build muscle or
increase strength you're going to jack
up your sympathetic nervous system
you're gonna have a bunch of adrenaline
going through your body and trust me
that could last for a long time you
don't believe me try doing heavy squats
or heavy deadlifts around five or six pm
you're gonna be awake for Mad [ __ ]
long and before bad the most important
thing is so again calm your body down
activate your parasympathetic nervous
system you don't want to do anything
crazy such as uh fight training or a lot
of you guys like doing MMA at night I'm
like what are you doing why would you do
MMA at night or in the evening and then
you wonder why you can't fall asleep
doing MMA or sparring or boxing or again
doing anything intense sprinting lifting
heavy weights that's going to increase
quarter so that's gonna increase
adrenaline and the goal of those
neurotransmitters and hormones is to
keep you awake right so you're defeating
the whole purpose if you're gonna train
do it as early in the day as possible
trust me it's going to make a huge
difference in your ability to fall
asleep early
which brings us to the next Point taking
caffeine in the form of either coffee or
pre-workouts too late in a day right and
that ties into the previous topic a lot
of you guys work out at 5 PM 4 P.M 3 P.M
and sure enough you take pre-workouts
which is loaded with caffeine and keep
in mind guys caffeine has the half-life
of about five to six hours so if you
take 200 milligrams of caffeine again
whether by coffee or in your pre-workout
five to six hours later you're still
gonna have a hundred milligrams of
caffeine in your system how the [ __ ] do
you expect to fall asleep quickly or to
stay asleep if you still have a hundred
milligrams of caffeine in your system
and then you add another six hours to
that and you still have 50 milligrams of
caffeine in your system that's why you
[ __ ] can't sleep and then you
only like oh look I'm only getting five
hours of sleep my testosterone is still
low right stop taking coffee or caffeine
or pre-workouts later in the day the
early the latest you should say caffeine
is not even 12 pm the leadership is
about 10 am right 10 AM because even if
you take caffeine at 12 p.m again at 6
PM you're still going to have half of
that in your system right and then at
midnight you're still going to have
another half of that previous half in
your system right so you want most of
the caffeine to be completely out of
your system a few hours before bedtime
therefore you want to check your
caffeine as early in the day as possible
which is why you should work out as
early in the day as possible this way
you could just synchronize everything so
once again the latest you should take
caffeine is not 12. it's not even 11.
it's 10. try to take it before 10
ideally around eight nine seven whatever
this way by the time the sun sets you
could turn off all the lights and you
know for a fact that you're not going to
have caffeine [ __ ] blocking your
dentistin receptors and that brings us
to the last Point guys I always tell my
clients this you don't fall asleep
because you're sleepy you fall asleep
because you tired you need to be tired
it sounds simple it sounds dumb but
believe it or not a lot of people don't
understand this for you to fall asleep
fast and to stay asleep long you need to
be exhausted you need to have a ton of a
danishing binding into the Dynasty and
receptors right and a lot of you guys
can't fall asleep at 11 PM because guess
what you were sedentary all day so your
body has a ton of energy a ton of ATP
and therefore there's not enough
adenosine to to bind to the dentist and
receptors and start slowing down neural
activity you need to be exhausted by the
time it's
my rule of thumb is around 8 to 9 pm you
should be exhausted right so you should
make sure that you work that early in
the morning you did your walk you did
your your cardio you you know you you
did your mental stuff right you read
books whatever make sure you're
extremely active throughout the day so
that around seven or eight pm you
exhausted that's how humans evolved we
will wake up in the morning we'll go out
and Hunt we'll make tools we'll make
weapons and bows and whatever we'll walk
back from the hunt we'll eat and by the
time the sun went down [ __ ]
were exhausted nowadays you guys have
the energy of a [ __ ] bull at 9 pm
right so make sure that by the time the
sun sets you are tired and the only way
that's gonna happen the only way you're
going to guarantee that you have plenty
of identity in your system around that
time is if you were very active
throughout the day and you went to the
gym early in the day all right that's it
guys those are the five habits that are
killing your sleep and therefore killing
your testosterone levels alright guys
don't forget to like or share the video
subscribe and hit the bell and by my HSB
nuclear little training program she also
made a program for maximum muscle growth
it includes full body workouts plus bro
splits Push Pull home workouts you name
it also comes with a complete guide for
macros nutrition fat loss muscle growth
hormones including a meal plan it's
pretty much all my 16 years of
experience condensed into one [ __ ]
book you're also going to get free
copies of any future Edition so visit
team3dalpha.com and you can use the 40
off coupon code nucleus of the Lord or
you could just buy the share full price
all right guys I'm out of here
