this is the largest increase in
testosterone that we've seen in the
literature nothing comes close stay
tuned I'm going to show you guys exactly
what happened in this study and how you
could apply it to your life so that you
can stop wasting your money on these
stupid supplements that most of the time
don't even do anything
hey guys going to Megan here all right
so let's get straight to the point this
is the largest increase in testosterone
ever as you guys know I've been studying
testosterone for almost two decades I've
read thousands and thousands of studies
not hundreds thousands of studies on
testosterone and I've categorized all
the different studies that showed
significant increases in testosterone I
put them in order right you got from
competition being number one which will
add to the largest increase all the way
down to the different items sex sunlight
sleeping supplements lifting hard
whatever but let's talk about this one
here which was the biggest increase in
free testosterone ever keep in mind this
one here is free just that's all which
is what actually counts all right so let
me show you guys exactly what happened
in this study all right so here's the
study here the sources are going to be
in the description so they looked at a
group of six players to be precise six
chess players for those of you who are
not familiar with testosterone
testosterone goes up drastically during
competition in fact competition is the
single factor that increases
testosterone more than anything else it
increases more than lifting more than
sex more than any supplement you could
take obviously not more than TLT but you
know the Salvation are natural
competition in humans and in non-human
primates has consistently been the
biggest testosterone booster but here's
what makes this one special because a
lot of people think that you actually
have to fight right do physical
competition to increase testosterone or
testosterone goes up in response to any
challenge to your status so it doesn't
have to be physical it could be mental
right anything that has to do with your
status being challenged testosterone is
going to go up to push you to defend
your status or in some cases to push you
to increase your stats it is the single
biggest testosterone booster in the
animal kingdom competition but long
story short without boring you guys too
much you could read the study put in the
description but they looked at six very
high level chess players and again the
goal decided was to see you know put
them against each other and see the
changes in testosterone based on what
happens when a player challenges
somebody stronger or better than him but
again I'm going to try to keep this
video short and not too technical here
you can see the changes into
testosterone for each player and at the
bottom you can see the difference in Elo
for those of you guys who are not
familiar with chassis yellow just to
measure how good you are in chess right
so players that have a really good
yellow that's going to be the grand
Masters and the experts and all that
stuff right these guys were experts
right the ELO was at least 2 000 which
is insane and they've been playing for
years but let's start a show that went
up against each other and just as the
researchers hypothesized as a player was
facing a challenge to his status meaning
he was playing
um somebody better than him somebody
with a higher ELO score his testosterone
levels went through the roof on average
right so the average increase you know
you can see there's different increases
for each player the average increase is
about 150 percent I did all the math but
there's one guy in particular which is
player two he's a freaking Legend his
testosterone levels went up by almost
600 percent and in theory more than 600
percent in fact I had to how to cap it
at 700 because it most likely went
higher and I'm gonna explain why so as
you can see here when he was facing so
this is where he's starting to you know
free testosterone levels by the way
these are free to start some level so
these are testosterone levels that can
actually quickly bind to the Androgen
receptor and do what testosterone does
right the other total testosterone also
has a role but again that's the topic
for a different video but overall free
testosterone is significantly more
important until the testosterone but
anyway as you can see here he's free
testosterone levels started around the
90 range and that went up as much as
almost 600 but here's the cool thing
here right the researchers had to make
them take a break after each chess match
because after a competition testosterone
levels go up even higher right so during
the competition when you're about to
face the challenge with this last one of
those go up but even after the
competition testosterone levels go up
even higher if you're a winner on
average your T levels go up even higher
if you lost the competition in some
studies the testosterone levels go down
but in some other studies the
testosterone levels stay the same or go
up and again even higher right so so
it's not conclusive but one thing that
the research agrees on is that during
the competition most people's
testosterone levels go up and I'm going
to explain in a separate video what
decides the 50 level is going to go up
or not
um but after the competition when the
sea levels go up even higher right again
on average sometimes the loser still
levels go up even higher in the winter
again it depends on the person's
personality and I'm gonna mention that
different videos but the cool thing
about this guy here is that the
researchers didn't measure his
testosterone levels after this bout
right if they had that would have been
at least 20 to 30 percent higher again
this is based on the literature like I
said I've read so many studies on this I
know exactly how the mechanisms work all
right so this would have went up even 20
to 30 percent higher minimum sometimes
50 right so here his testosterone levels
went up almost 600 percent right but if
the researchers had decided to test his
levels after that competition we can
only imagine how much higher it would
have been right I kept it at 700 to not
make it too extreme but this thing could
have been a thousand percent increase
who knows right and all they did was
play chess right and then some of the
other guys also got baked just last one
increases player six he barely got
anything but the other guys you know
also have had decent increases in free
testosterone one guy got a 70 increase
one guy got 120 increase another guy got
a 82 percent increase
in testosterone levels just from sitting
down and playing chess right and I could
also show you guys in the future this is
not an isolated incident this happens
um in other competitions in uh even in
video games in soccer in wrestling any
time a person's testosterone level is a
challenge especially if the person is
motivated by power the testosterone
levels go up through the roof and as you
can see the tougher the opponent the
tougher the challenge meaning the bigger
the threat to the player's reputation on
average testosterone levels tended to
rise right so if you're challenging
somebody significantly weaker than you
then depending on the situation levels
might not even but right depending on
how how much the person is threatening
your status right and then again I can
make another video about this guy here
player four geez I mean guys look at his
starting free to start some levels they
were through the roof to put in
perspective the average person is down
here in terms of free testosterone right
the average person has three
testosterone that goes up about
um usually around 100 to 150 popular
gram per milliliter but now because
testosterone that we've been declining
most people are usually around 80 90 per
gram per milliliter people that have
high status tend to have significantly
Higher free testosterone so around 200
or more in fact there's another study if
you guys when I could also cover that
showed that elite soccer players have
higher testosterone levels than amateur
soccer players again back to the status
thing they have to defend the status all
the time but yeah so to put in
perspective the average person is free
to start some levels are down here right
around 100 maybe 150 pack a gram per
milliliter if the person is very
disciplined with their diet and it could
go up into the 200 to 300 range you know
against the discipline with the diet
training and lifestyle and stuff like
that and look how high I mean these are
trt levels type of features last one
levels now obviously keep in mind this
doesn't stay up forever it comes down
after the challenge
um but sometimes it stays elevated for
up to a day or more again there's a lot
of individual variations sometimes it
comes back down within an hour and once
again like I explained in so many videos
in the past especially my nofap video we
see the exact same phenomenon in animals
right we see it in gorillas we see it in
Birds we see it in in fish whenever
they're competing for status whenever
they're competing for mates their tea
levels go through the roof and then the
tea levels go back down when they're not
competing right because the body doesn't
want to waste resources and keep
increasing its testosterone levels which
is very very costly to do by the way and
for those who are wondering why the
testosterone levels went up so high keep
in mind it's not because of Lutheran
housing hormone right most people are
familiar with the basic
um testosterone production pathway where
your brain your hypothalamus and it's
gonna have a trip and releasing hormone
to your pituitary gland which releases
luteinizer hormone which comes down to
your testicles and causes your latic
cells to absorb cholesterol and convert
it into pregnenolone and progesterone
DHEA understand you and eventually
testosterone right but this process
actually takes a very long time right
it's about a 40 minute to 60 Minute lag
time between the production of
luteinizing hormone and it releases
testosterone but the pathway that most
people are not aware about is the one to
catecholamines such as noradrenaline
adrenaline if you live in the U.S then
it's no epinephrine and epinephrine
catecholamines increased testosterone
without luteinizing hormone and this
happens very fast right so with
luteinize the hormone you have about a
40 minute to 60 Minute lag time right
whereas with catecholamines your body
can quickly increase testosterone so
that you can quickly rise to the
challenge right very very few people
know about that pathway right everybody
just knows the basic luteinizing hormone
that one is way too slow and the reason
why the human body has evolved to have
this quick mechanism to release
testosterone is because you can't always
wait for the tuna's hormone you can't
always wait till the person's sleeps and
gets a ton of LH or whatever sometimes
the body needs quick testosterone
production for you to rise to the
challenge defeat a foe or engage in
sexual activities and that's what the
catecholamine password comes through and
that's what happened in the study right
whenever you're competing your body
releases a ton of adrenaline and a ton
of noradrenaline which are obviously
made from dopamine and those
catecholamines quickly go to your testes
and allow you to quickly absorb
cholesterol and make testosterone
extremely fast that's why you see this
crazy increase in free testosterone so
as you can see as I've told you guys
time and time again year after year the
biggest testosterone booster is
competition that is your purpose as a
matter that's what you evolve to do
compete compete compete find a niche and
dominate it remember that's literally
the meaning of Team 3D Alpha I've based
team 3D Alpha on this principle of
dominance discipline Direction the first
one being dominance find something
you're good at and always compete at it
compete to be better compete to make the
world a better place because compete to
add value to the world and that is the
best way to channel your Primal
instincts into value find something
you're good at and that you're obsess
about and constantly compete I say it
doesn't have to be something physical it
could be mental one of the primary
reasons why you guys are walking around
with low T all the time is because
you're not in competitive environments
everyone is comfortable everyone just
wakes up up does the bare minimum just
to get by plays video games all day
jacks off all day does the basic 905
comes back home watches TV and again you
wonder why you're free testosterone
levels are not constantly elevated right
you're never Defending Your status
you're never Defending Your Throne so
your brain is thinking why the hell
would I give this guy access to snapzone
levels it's a waste of energy the body
hates wasting energy all right so stop
wasting your money on supplements stop
wasting your money on the new latest
hack stick to what has worked for
millions of years of Revolution right
have a clean diet exercise be sexually
active sleep get sunlight and most
importantly compete right skip the pro
home one part by the way none of you
guys should be messing around with that
stuff but yeah eat healthy Sleep Train
but most importantly compete all right
guys that's it see you guys in the
discourse you guys in the Reddit post
all your questions there stay tuned for
the next video good luck team do the
alpha dominance discipline Direction I'm
out here all right guys don't forget to
like share a video subscribe and hit the
bell and by my HSB nucleus of a little
training program it's the ultimate
program for maximum muscle growth it
includes full body workout splits bro
splits Push Pull home workouts you name
it also comes with a complete guide for
macros nutrition fat loss muscle growth
hormones including a meal plan it's
pretty much all my 16 years of
experience condensed into one [ __ ]
book you're also going to get free
copies of any future Edition so visit
team3dalpha.com and you can use the 40
off coupon code nucleus overload or you
could just buy the share full price all
right guys I'm out of here
