there the reason why the number one
thing women scan when they see a man is
is hey guys what going Omega in here all
right so I put a poll a few weeks ago
asking you guys which video you wanted
me to do next and this one one out right
so let's get straight into it first off
who this video is for cuz this video is
not for everybody right as you guys know
most of the videos on my Channel or not
for everybody is the reason why I'm
Shadow Bann right right I'm brutally
honest like I say what everybody is
thinking and nobody wants to say and I
do not care about feelings all I care
about his results so warning disclaimer
do not watch click away if you easily
offended and if you extremely emotional
right there videos for people that
actually want to get from point A to
point B and for people who understand
that facts don't always have to feel
good right we live in a society where
people only believe in the truth as long
as it feels good the moment it feels bad
oh no no no it must be false it must be
fabricated must be racism it must be
whatever so no I'm going to give you
guys the brutally honest truth and a lot
of it is going to be Things That Go
opposite of what you heard before
unsurprisingly all right first off
this's video tile the 20 skills that
every real man should have now guess
what there is a danger to having too
many scales there's a risk to knowing
too many scales as counterintuitive as
it sounds one of the worst things you
could do as a young man is no way too
many skills I know it sounds crazy I
know you thinking oh no you know you're
going to start pointing out to the
outliers and the you know Leonardo
dentes and [ __ ] you will not another
DiVinci [ __ ] right as a young man you
want to specialize in a few skills early
in life later on once you become
successful you can diversify in fact you
should specialize at first diversify
later one of the worst things you could
freaking do and I get so mad when I
think about this because I'm about to
tell you guys my life story well part of
my story later on one of the worst
things you could do as a Young Man is
try to be a jack of all trades and
master of none right stop trying to
learn every [ __ ] skill in fact I
believe that it is worse to know too
many skills they you know too few why
because the world rewards people who
specialize experts Specialists right
when I say Michael Jordan what skill
comes to mind when I say Michael Jackson
when I say Tiger Woods when I say uh
Bill Gates when I say Mark Zuckerberg
when I say Elon Musk all these guys have
plenty of skills but what are they known
for what are they remember for a solid
few right nobody gives a [ __ ] about the
30 different skills that you know what
people care about is the one skill that
you amazing at you know I learned this
in my early 20s and it changed my life
right and that's why I hate the
education system right because as you
guys know Society is designed to make
man doile it's designed to a masculate
man cuz then you're easier to control
you're easier to manipulate you know
that's the goal of religion and politics
which pretty much religion is politics
believe it or not is to make man as easy
to control as possible keep that in mind
that's why the education system bombards
you with so many random ass topics oh
let's teach you chemistry then then then
art then biology then this then this and
this and that when really most of the
money you're going to make in your life
is going to be due to a select few maybe
two to three maximum five skills that
you mastered right I live my life by the
pareta principle and I so Infamous Bruce
Lee quote which is you guys know what
I'm talking about if you Bruce Lee fans
is when he said I do not fear the man
who practi 10,000 different kicks I fear
the man who practice one kick 10,000
times I live my goddamn Life by that
line it is so true if you know 10,000
kicks nobody cares you a clown you fancy
but if you mastered one kick 10,000
times on some rock Le [ __ ] yeah you're a
problem right so if you take one thing
away from this video is once again the
paral principle specialize that
specialize first that ify later right
never forget the par the principle I
beat a dead HSE over it every single
time which is 80% of your results 80% of
your success is always going to come
from 20% of your efforts so for every 10
things that you do only two will
contribute to the majority of your
success and you can apply this to every
single thing in life right when I was a
young guy oh man I was so confused guys
I learned so many different skills so
many different you know topics and don't
get me wrong obviously they all played a
role right but most of My Success came
from such a small few from such a small
handful of skilles that I dominated
mastered and I wish I had this video
over a decade ago all right the only
thing that matters if you a man is
boosting your trip s score what are the
scills that are going to maximize your
trip s score make you a better man
increase your ability to provide to
protect to clap cheeks to pass on your
jeans that's all that matters the rest
is just noise and that's the criteria
we're going to use to R to rank these
skills right how well does mastering
that scale increases your ability to
provide security status and obviously
sexiness right which is what the trip s
score is all about right if you're a man
it's all that matters your trip s score
it's going to decide how much money you
make it's going to decide how successful
you are in a dating world how how
successful you are clapping cheeks how
successful you are having kids raising
kids raising good kids increasing your
your your network everything it all
comes down to your trip s score all
right so where did I get this list from
obviously you know as usual I went
online and I was all right let's see
what I put top 20 skilles that man
should learn cuz I know it's going to be
a bunch of BS right and obviously my
driver Su rank it for you guys so I went
to tr GPT and I put 20 skills that every
man should know sure enough CH gbt which
is heavily influenced by the far-left
and heavily influenced by uh people with
a political bias gave me this be yes
list some of it is good some of it is
bad but obviously that's the point of
this Cher list is to rank it number one
basic carpentry bad I'm going to put
that b yep I know it sounds crazy I know
I know they think oh man should be
[ __ ] right you don't have time for
this [ __ ] if you're a young man your
goal is to specialize in things that are
related to your eeky guy things that are
related to your life's Mission your
life's purpose nobody gives a [ __ ] about
whether Elon mus Michael Jordan Tom
Brady Alexander the Great all the
greatest men the Great Achievers nobody
cares about their carpentry skills right
now if you want to be a carpenter then
that's a different story right that's
going to be high on the list right keep
in mind I'm this is a general tier list
right you the rankings are going to
change depending on your goal depending
on whatever your aky guy is right but
for the average man in
2023 having carpentry skills mastering
carpentry skills is going to do jack
[ __ ] for your Triple H score right no
girl is going to meet you and say oh my
God you makinging me wet you are so good
with wood no never it's also not going
to increase your net worth tremendously
again unless that's what you do for a
living so no don't waste your [ __ ]
time and remember guys There's an
opportunity cost to everything every
hour you spend learning one scale is an
hour you could have invested into
learning a scale that's more relevant to
your goals I repeat every hour you waste
learning one scale is an hour that could
have been spent becoming better at
another scale that actually matters
right so no do not waste your time uh
learning carpentry once you become a
goat once you specialize in your domain
whatever it is then yeah you want to
learn that as Arby go right ahead next
communication I'm about nut category I
cannot stress this enough you have to be
a good communicator is it going to
increase your ability to provide
security right we going back to the
Triple S score absolutely it's going to
increase your ability to provide is it
going to increase your ability to move
up in status absolutely and is it going
to increase your sexiness well obviously
if you're ugly you're ugly right right
it's not really going to do much for
your sexiness but at least it's going to
increase the first suit now if you
really goodlooking handsome very tall
whatever then yeah I'm going to put that
[ __ ] amazing right cuz you know it's
not then it's not that important I mean
if you [ __ ] look like JY me you just
walk into you know a [ __ ] bar and
then the girls are going to be suing the
guys are going to you know want to be
friend you whatever you know so you
don't need to be a good communicator if
you are Dam near 10 out of 10 in the
other domains of the SSS score but for
the average person communication is
going to take you a long way you got to
work on your communication skills not
just when you're dealing with men but
also when you're dealing with women
right it's going to help you in so many
domains next computer literacy [ __ ]
amazing obviously self-explanatory we
live in a digital age you got to you got
to know basic technology skills you
don't have to learn how to program thank
God for you know in fact the reason why
you don't have to worry about uh
becoming super super super good at
Technologies because you could just hire
somebody to do it or you could have
somebody help you out right cuz remember
you don't have time to waste you want to
specialize in what really matters you
don't have time to learn everything
right long as you know basic uh
technology skills you know how to use a
computer you know how to type you know
you know how to use Microsoft products
Google products whatever Google slid
Excel whatever you're fine right you
don't have to master them just know B
just be no just know how to use a
[ __ ] computer right that's why I'm
not put in higher because uh if you suck
at computer skills you're not completely
[ __ ] because you could just hire
somebody to do it or you can re out an
AI which trust me guys in a year from
now ai is going to [ __ ] do everything
you know but then again you still need
to know how to use a computer to use AI
so [ __ ] amazing next cooking I'm
going to put cookie I'm going to put
that out okay right uh and trust me you
know from somebody who knows how to cook
obviously you know when I was a DI hard
bodybuilder I had to learn how to cook
but it's not something looking back it's
not something that contributed a lot uh
to my success or to the success of other
people again unless it's your field um
it's because again if you could hire
somebody to do it if you could have
somebody else do it for you then it's
not such an important skill
communication yeah that's I'm about to
not because you're not go you're not
going to have a a [ __ ] person
following around talking for you reading
your mind and [ __ ] that's something you
just got to do yourself cooking if you
know it's it's not something that has a
big return on investment now that
doesn't mean that it's trash obviously I
didn't put it in back a p garbage right
it's good to know how to cook especially
if you're a college student whatever
it's going to help you save money um and
again it's good to be self-sufficient
but it's not a scale that that's a deal
breaker right it's not going to make you
a Hyper Elite male just because you know
how to cook so I'm going to put that
okay right you know just spend maybe I
don't know a week Max to just learn the
basics of cooking and then move on next
critical thinking oh my Lord I'm a Bots
and you have oh God in fact one of the
biggest complaints I have you know into
this Society is people don't think
anymore you guys are a bunch of
brainwashed idiots I'm sorry most of you
guys are you believe every [ __ ] thing
here that's why I tell my own
subscribers I said don't even believe me
I want you guys to fact check everything
you hear from me everything you hear
from anybody do not blindly believe
people the whole world governments and
companies are designed to make you a
brain dead idiot why because the Dumber
you are the easier it is to profit from
you right and so that's where companies
went and the easier it is to pass laws
behind your back the easier is to to to
manipulate your emotions which is what
governments do right why do you think so
many people are religious today because
we lose the ability to think critically
and I know you guys going to get
emotional go in my comments section no
my God religion is
different once again the fact that we
have so many religious people today is a
proof that we've lost the ability to to
think critically I could make a whole
video on religion guys I'm going to
decimate every [ __ ] religion and
trust me guys I've been there I'm
speaking from experience I used to be
just like one of you [ __ ] 10
years ago you couldn't tell me [ __ ]
about religion I was willing to die for
my religion until I did some digging
studied history learned world history
learned how the world actually works
studied politics and realized oh my God
we've been lied to our entire lives but
I know that's not going to change your
opinion and that's fine I'm not trying
to change your mind but for the guys who
are out there and who still have a
[ __ ] brain learn to think critically
else you're going to be a slave to
government religion and companies for
the rest of your life we have a frontal
cortex for a [ __ ] reason use it
critical thinking is going to help you
provide security it's going to help you
in your social status it's going to help
you increase your Social Status and it's
obviously going to help you pass on your
genes right it doesn't increase your
physical sexiness but trust me women are
very attracted to intelligent men you'll
be surprised right women don't look at
men the way we look at women right we
don't care how smart a girl is you know
I I [ __ ] so many dumb [ __ ] in my
life in fact the dumb at the [ __ ]
sometimes the better right then you
don't got to talk too much get the
cheeks and move on whereas women they
really put a high value on your mental
progress right again unless you super
super super good-looking which most of
you [ __ ] are not myself
included all right next DIY skills do
what yourself skills this [ __ ] is so
overrated I'm going to put that out okay
once again it's so overrated oh if
you're a man you got to know how to do
this you got to know how to change your
tire you got to know how to do [ __ ]
man [ __ ] once again name the most
successful people in
history nobody remembers them for their
ability to change a [ __ ] tire or
change your light bub it's Irrelevant in
the grand scheme of things if you have
the skill great here's a cookie but I
wouldn't obsess about it right there's a
reason why we have jobs you could hire
somebody to do it guys your time is too
valuable your time is too valuable to
wasted learning so many little ass
skills that do not return a big that
don't have a big return on investment if
you can hire somebody to do it do it so
that you can focus on the things that
really matter right as a men you have to
be hyper successful in your domain in
order to be hyper successful you have to
P your entire mental PRI your entire
mental resources most of your time in a
day into that scale you don't have time
to change your [ __ ] light bulb right
and if push comes to sh you could just
watch a [ __ ] YouTube video and do it
next driving or obviously driving is
important I'm going to put that okay oh
my God Megan really you not going to put
driving higher because again nobody
cares about your ability to drive
especially at the elite level of your
domain whatever your domain is just
[ __ ] call a uber call a taxi right
it's not that much of an important scale
right I mean just look outside look
outside most people know how to drive of
most people notable hyper successful no
the average man knows how to drive right
but yet what's that doing for him he's
still [ __ ] average right again I'm
not saying it's a bad scale I'm not I
didn't that's the reason why I didn't
put it lower right but I'm saying it's
so
overrated you could be very successful
at in your Social Circle in your job at
dating while being an okay driver right
so again anything that's in an okay
category means it's okay to learn it but
I just wouldn't put too much value on it
right do not think okay means all is bad
right there the reason why the bad
category exists I'm saying that cuz I
know there's going to be a bunch of
retards in my comment section saying but
driving is not bad and they're going to
give me a bunch of outlier cherry-picked
examples of how driving was a great
scale come on it's average a best so in
short learn how to drive obviously but
don't think that it's going to
contribute uh highly to your success
emotional intelligence [ __ ] amazing
you got to be good at controlling not
not only your own emotions at reading
them but also reading the emotions of
others right it's going to make you a
great communicator it's going to help
your critical thinking skills it's going
to help you detach from uh you know the
constraints imposed on us by our prer
brains you got to have emotional skills
right learn how to motivate yourself you
got to have empathy self-awareness all
of that stuff right you got to have
emotional intelligence next financial
literacy I'm a about nut category man I
wish I wish this was more taught in
school it's so sad that we live in an
era where we demonize money so much and
we wonder why most men end up broke
right when I was younger same thing you
know I didn't give a [ __ ] about money I
thought money was you know something
that was optional and I really needed
and once again you guys know the story
when my daughter was born holy [ __ ] as a
23 year old broke college student I was
like what the [ __ ] that's when I
realized the importance of money the
moment you have to provide for somebody
other than yourself imagine 23y old
having to provide for his daughter his
girlfriend himself while still in
college working multiple
jobs that's when I realized that it is
so hard for you to fulfill your
masculine Duty as a father as a partner
you know when you are broke right you
got to understand money how money Works
how to make money without scamming
people because that's what 99.9% of your
influencers do they just [ __ ] scam
you right but you got to have financial
literacy you got to be financially
independent so that you can work on your
business work on the things that matter
to you and obviously have more free time
to be a good family man to be a better
friend you know it all comes that watch
my rant about money in my video on uh F
the videos I'm going to put it somewhere
but I made one of the masculine videos
but watch my rant about money money is
so underrated oh my goodness so
underrated and trust me I was that guy
too you know over a decade ago bashing
money thinking that money was evil
whatever ignorance pure ignorance you
wait till you become a family man then
you're going to realize the importance
of money you cannot make your family
your loved ones consistently happy if
you broke you can help in some ways but
your ability to protect them is going to
suffer because one you're going to live
in a shitty neighborhood so there's
going to be high crime and that's your
fault if you broke and you have to live
in a high crime area and your kid get
shot or robbed that's your fault you
were too broke to put them in a better
neighborhood right so your ability to
even provide security for your children
or for your girlfriend whatever that
comes down to money number two your
ability to to give them healthy food to
feed them healthy food instead of junk
food BS that's going to come down to
your earning potential think about it if
you broke only thing you're eating is
ramen noodles and bunch of micronutrient
deficient [ __ ] right eating healthy is
low-key expensive right so your ability
to feed yourself to Pro to protect
yourself and your loved ones comes down
to money your ability to make them
travel the world your ability to take
them on trips on vacation right your
ability to go on dates to look pretty I
mean everything comes down to money so
please learn financial literacy Early
learn how to invest learn all those
things right stock trading changed my
[ __ ] life and I wish I had learned it
sooner you know but again you don't have
to learn stocks and options like I there
you can learn anything else business
there are many ways to make money but
again be financially literate next first
aid I'm going to put that at [ __ ]
amazing I was going to put it higher but
because we live in an era uh in a
society where you can quickly call 911
and you can have help arrive quickly
it's the only reason why it's not higher
uh but else it would have been in I'm
about to category like if you live in a
forest somewhere or you live in a uh in
a place or some Thor country where you
know Health Care is trash and it's you
know you know it takes a long time for
people to arrive yeah I'm it's going to
be an I'm about another category but if
you live in a very uh fairly developed
uh world I'm going to put that in
[ __ ] amazing right because once again
imagine your friend or your loved one or
your kid choking or being injured and
then you sitting there and you waiting
for 911 to arrive right obviously you fa
at the first part the most important
part of masculinity which is provide
security right so [ __ ] amazing
definitely have some basic first a
skills you don't have to be a whole
[ __ ] nurse a whole [ __ ] surgeon
right but just learn the basics
somebody's choking learn how to deal
with that learn CPR you know you can
learn all of that [ __ ] in less than two
days right just watch a bunch of YouTube
videos I really really want to put in
I'm about to non category but uh it's
not that that that that important right
there's a lot of people who became a lot
of people became hyper successful um
without being [ __ ] glorified nurses
next Home Maintenance bad again this to
me this is so overrated to me this the
whole like [ __ ] learn how to change
your tire [ __ ] it's overrated right
pay somebody else to do it I know it
sounds crazy but trust me guys when you
become very very busy and you start
working on your businesses and things
like that you start to realize that you
don't have time you don't have time your
time is worth so much that you just
don't have time to walk around and do
basic you know how main is you know you
could do it but that time could be used
sharpening your sword sharpening your
blade becoming better at what you're
already good at becoming better at your
iy guy right the more successful you
become the more valuable your time
becomes right let's imagine that you
worth let's say $1,000 an hour right
imagine spending an hour on house
maintenance when you could just throw a
few hundred bucks at somebody else to
have him do it right in fact that's one
of the reasons why I still live in an
apartment I don't have a house to me
that's too much [ __ ] work man I be
able to call somebody be like hey come
fix this I'm working next leadership I'm
about to not category you got to have
leadership skills I cannot stress this
enough one because if you don't have
leadership skills you're always going to
be a follower that's one right you're
always going to be a follower it goes
back to the whole critical thing and
thing right if you don't have good
leadership skills you're always going to
be a follower right and it's again
there's nothing wrong being a follower
at first because obviously we all start
off as followers we have to learn right
I'm the man that I am today because of
all the great man in history that I had
to learn from the mentors that I you
know that I highly respect again in
history there's almost nobody alive
today that I [ __ ] respect to be
honest guys cuz my mentors are people
who are dead and who left their
greatness in the pages of books right
because my goals are so [ __ ] high
right so at one point I had to be a
follower and I'm still a follower to the
state right to those great men you know
I learn from them constantly you know I
feel like all the great men are dead
right there's not a man alive today that
I think oh yeah I want to follow that
guy [ __ ] no I know it sounds arrogant
but no like if you if you read history
if you really go deep into history
especially military history holy [ __ ]
every man alive today looks like a girl
compared to the man of old right I'm
talking about all the great men in all
the different you know kingdoms that
existed from India to Mongolia to Greece
to ancient Egypt ancient Babylon I mean
those men were literally Legends right
those are the guys that you should look
to for guidance those are the guys you
should look to and try to learn most of
the guys to they opposers and all they
want is just your money that's all they
want to do is take your money right so
you want to learn leadership study the
man of old study the goats of old right
the most masculine man today is a girl
compared to those men the gangas khans
the Alexander the grace the napoleons
the Julius Caesars the Hannibal baras
the khed been alwali the the jesuses the
muhammads the the Buddhas the Ramses and
I mean all of these guys the Moses all
of these Legends and I know you guys are
confused like wait M don't you [ __ ] on
religion why did you name some
historical figures again that's that's a
topic for a whole different video right
just cuz that [ __ ] on religion doesn't
mean I don't respect the creators of
those religions those guys were absolute
Legends and badasses it's just a lot of
that message got used for political
reasons but anyway again that's for a
whole different video long story short
leadership is crucial cuz remember your
goal as as a man is to provide security
for your tribe for your friends for your
family and how you going to do that if
you're a shitty leader right remember
guys the reason why I love masculinity
so much is because of what masculinity
does masculinity creates leaders good
men men who go out and reduce other
people's unnecessary pains that's where
value is that's what an alpha male is is
a male who goes around and reduces the
unnecessary pain of the members of his
tribe if it's in a hunter gather Society
it's a man who's good at hunting if it's
in a farming Society it's a man who's
the best farmer regardless of the job
the society the environment an alpha Mel
a good leader is a person who's able to
reduce the unnecessary pain of his
members that is who a leader is so you
got to develop your leadership skills
next the ability to negotiate that is in
[ __ ] amazing right you got to be able
to negotiate better deals better salary
if you decide to if you decide to be in
a corporate world it's going to help you
in every domain even when you're dealing
with girls you got to got to know how to
negotiate I'm not going to give you guys
the funny stories but you got to be a
good negotiator right because again you
know negotiation goes hand inand with
sales and think about it sales is
everything right even if you don't work
in sales technically you work in sales
right every day you selling something
you're selling your skills you're
selling your personality you selling
your knowledge you're selling your your
value everybody works in sales you know
without even knowing it right and also
learning how to negotiate is also going
to lead to you being a better
Communicator you having better critical
thinking skills uh you having better
empathy better emotional intelligence
knowing how to read people and KN how to
avoid [ __ ] scams next networking
[ __ ] amazing I always said it success
in life it's not about what you know
it's about who you know right who you
know is far more important than what you
know I know people out there who are
brain [ __ ] de but because they know
the right person they know how they they
were able to make the right person laugh
or they met the right person in college
now they're are Miles Ahead of their
competition who is actually smarter than
them right just because they know the
right people success is mainly due to
who you know as opposed to what you know
right so your network is important
that's another reason why I say that men
shouldn't be home all day being home all
day is one of the worst things you could
do as a man I said it's all the time
because it every day every hour you
spend inside is an hour you're going to
spend Outdoors where you can meet
somebody new start a new conversation
and boom your life can change in an
instant if you meet the right person
think about that your life can change in
an instant just by meeting the right
person and where you going to meet them
at home be your meet [ __ ] no you got to
be outside I don't care if you going to
the gym the library the park got to be
outside increase your network that's
another reason why I recommend people
should go to college even though I still
think college is a scam the reason why I
tell people to go to college because not
because of what you're going to learn in
school that's [ __ ] you can learn
that [ __ ] at home right college is so
overpriced it's because of the quality
of people you're going to meet the main
benefit of college is the people you
meet right the friends you're going to
make along the way the professors you're
going to talk to as long as you go out
there and talk and and and work on your
actual version one of the main benefits
of college is networking networking
networking networking never forget that
guys success is who you know not just
what you know next physical I'm about to
nut category easy right and I'm not
saying that because you know you know
I'm biased or whatever no you got to
have basic physical fitness you don't
need to be a bodybuilder you don't need
to be a powerlifter you don't need to be
[ __ ] Hercules you got to be fit and
I'm going to tell you guys why in a
minute because [ __ ] ass CH GPT didn't
include it here one of the most
important skills as a man which I'm
going to put in I'm about another
category if it was here is self-defense
being able to fight that is the most I
repeat that is the most most important
skill a man can learn learning how to
fight you don't have to be an MMA
fighter you don't have to be a wrestler
you don't have to be Jon Jones or Mike
Tyson but you got to know how to defend
yourself I always say this you should at
least know how to beat two average men I
repeat you should at least know how to
beat two average men meaning guaranteed
you got to learn how to beat the average
man right you should learn how to beat
the average man in the fight and I said
the average man not the average Fighter
the average fighter will [ __ ] you up
right but at least learn how to be the
average men and IDE two average men why
because your ability to fight influences
all three aspects of your Triple S score
it impacts your ability to provide
security right for your family and your
loved ones and your girl it impacts your
social status right especially if you're
young you're in high school you're in
college you know especially High School
you're getting bullied and [ __ ] you
can't fight or you [ __ ] right girls
are going to laugh at you right nobody's
going to take you seriously right and
three it obviously impacts sexiness
because women literally evolve listen
carefully women women literally evolve
to select men based on their fighting
ability they combat PR I can make a
whole video on this guys it's one of the
reasons why across the world in almost
every culture women are naturally
sexually attracted to men with bigger
shoulders and masculine features it's
not because they just oh they just look
nice no if you study the evolution of
the male species Homo sapiens and even
if you go be beyond that homo racus all
that stuff The Men Who consistently
passed on the genes were the men that
were better Fighters because the world
was brutal back then the world was so
brutal right there the reason why the
number one thing women scan when they
see a man is his ability to provide
security why because women evolve in a
world where they had to defend
themselves from predators they had to
defend themselves from rival males
because if a rival male came into the
tribe he would kill the children rape
the women right they had to defend
themselves from obviously other women as
well of the tribes members so women
evolved in a world that was so dangerous
that they constantly selected the
strongest Fighters because think about
the women who did not select the
strongest Fighters died off they
couldn't pass on their jeans right
that's the reason why testosterone is
higher in men than in women that's the
reason why men have a bigger bra R than
women is the reason why men have bigger
shoulders than women is the reason why
men have more red blood cells than women
is the reason why men have higher upper
body strength than women but not lower
body strength it all comes down to
fighting ability I could make a whole on
this guys You' be amazed at how the
ability to fight a male's ability to
fight changed the evolution of the human
species because it is so crucial right
think about it everything special about
you dies the moment you go to the river
and you run into another caveman right
back in the days that was stronger than
you because he would just walk up to you
curb stump your ass by the [ __ ] River
bath go to your tribe and your wife take
your children captive it was brutal
human existence was brutal guys and all
this because you lost the fight right so
the same thing about about today imagine
you going out to the the ball you
shouldn't be at the ball but imagine you
going out to the club the ball whatever
[ __ ] places you guys go to with your
girlfriend or with your friends and then
the guy pops up tries to rob you with a
knife right if he has a gun you [ __ ] but
let's say he has a knife or something or
let's say a guy shows up and tries to
take your girl from you or a guy shows
up and disrespects you what are you
going to do you have to learn how to
fight guys and that's where physical
fitness comes in right be strong you
don't got to be Thor but be strong be
fit have some endurance in fact a funny
thing is also have a video plan on this
is that Studies have shown that the
reason why women like tall men is not
because of height it's not just because
women are like oh you tall I like tall
men no no no that's what we all thought
but nope they found out the reason why
women like tall men is because of
evolutionary psychology evolutionary
pressures is because women perceive
height as a g gauge of strength and
combat ability cuz back in the days if
you were taller you obviously had a you
know an advantage in combat on average
of course and they did many different it
was a brilliant study I'm going to make
a whole video of this where they show
the women tall men who looked skinny and
frail and then they showed short men who
look like they could fight you know big
shoulders in shape whatever and the
women consistently pick the shorter men
that's when that's when the scientist
realized that women do not select tall
men just because they like tall men no
they look for signs and Pro of physical
strength because when when women are
given a choice between a tall fat man or
a tall scrawny man and a shorter let's
say five5 56 men but who's more fit
women consistently on average obviously
pick the shorter guy so it is not height
that women select for it is fighting
ability anyway learn how to fight [ __ ]
all right next problem solving I'm going
to put that in a sem category as
critical thinking right I'm about to nut
category you got to be good at problem
solving again it's going to make you a
better leader it's going to make you a
better partner it's going to make you a
better father I mean problem solving is
going to help you in every domain of
life right learn how to solve problems
in fact that's one of the Hallmarks of
masculinity man solve problems it's the
reason why man built the goddamn world
right man built the bridges man built
the the the cars the the weapons of
war you know the the power lines and the
the everything that makes the world go
around was built by man for a reason
right you got to be a good problem
solver again this is not to [ __ ] on
women cuz I always say men built the
world but women built men right women
created men so everybody wins I know
everybody gets but hurt and wants to
pick sides I don't pick sides I know men
have a role women have a role I respect
men just as much as I respect women we
all have a [ __ ]
role no one is more important than any
other in fact if you want to be
technical women are more important
because I mean think about it all you
need is one man to keep the human race
going but if you kill Every Woman except
for one the human race goes extinct so
technically so technically women are
more important than men right there's a
reason why the default gender is female
right when you're in the womb you're
actually female at first it's now until
week 8 to 10 that the white chromosome
you know the S so gen to be specific K
saying it makes you're [ __ ] [ __ ]
but at first you're a female for a
reason it's the most important gender
but again I don't play that whole oh
who's more important than the other we
compliment each other we need masculine
men we need feminine women that's what
makes the world go around next public
speaking skills [ __ ] amazing only
Reon I'm not put hars because some
people became very very very successful
while having you know slightly above
average public speaking skills right but
it's [ __ ] amazing because again it's
going to help you be a better leader
it's going to help you you know be a
better Problem Solver and you know all
the other things right so public
speaking for some reason it's
everybody's [ __ ] fear right um but it
comes natur TW to me mainly because I
don't give a [ __ ] right people say oh
why don't you get about B speaking why
doesn't bother you because I don't give
a [ __ ] you guys care about too many
things you have so much anxiety because
you care what people think about you you
care about you know you care too much
right people say what is the secret of
becoming a better public speaker give
less [ __ ] stop caring about what other
people think and and how do you develop
that
ability suffering pain if you suffer
enough you go through enough pain
especially the pain that I went through
as a [ __ ] child and a teenager trust
me you learn to give less [ __ ] right a
lot of you guys have so much anxiety
because you were cuddled your whole life
you were protected your whole life right
you didn't suffer enough right the fact
that you of talking to just people when
I when people tell me this it bows my
mind they go I'm terrified of public
speaking I'm like why you terrified to
go on stage and talk to [ __ ] why how
is that your biggest fear your life was
so easy growing up that your biggest
fear is talking to people your it's
funny how the lack of trauma made you
guys [ __ ] right we don't suffer from
too much trauma we suffer from a lack of
trauma because trauma is what builds men
a lot of my toughness a lot of my
confidence that [ __ ] came from the
trauma that I went through as a [ __ ]
child dealing with my evil mother and
the bullies around my neighbor
neighborhood right so you guys over
there scared of public speaking scared
of this you are man you need to suffer
you need to suffer more I'm not saying
go out then kill yourself or you know do
something crazy but you need to go
through pain the number one reason the
number one way to increase confidence
and lower
anxiety is to [ __ ] suffer there's a
reason why wrise up passages around the
world in all cultures where they try to
turn boys into men what is the number
one factor that all have in common
regardless of culture it's pain that
make these little boys go through
something painful because that know that
the number one way to turn Super Saiyan
to level up is to face something bigger
than your current fears one statement I
like to use is the number one way to
stop being afraid of a serpent is to
face a dragon once you face a dragon
serpents look like worms so you guys are
afraid of so many little things because
you didn't face enough struggles but
anyway this is a whole different video
develop public speaking skills oh [ __ ]
they did have self-defense right so
again self-defense I'm going to put that
right up there with physical fitness you
know I'm about to nut category right got
to learn how to defend yourself learn
how to knock [ __ ] out next
suing pure garbage are you kidding me
once I saw that [ __ ] that's when I know
trpt is a troll sometimes why suing on
here right pure garbage I'm not even
going to go longer into why this is
useless it's not going to help your
sexiness it's not going to help your
ability to provide security it's not
going to increase your Social Status
it's useless it does nothing for your
Triple S score if you know how to sue
you know how to make me a coat [ __ ] off
that's useless next time management
[ __ ] amazing you got to learn how to
manage your time because like I said
earlier in the video you can't learn
10,000 different skills you can only you
have to specialize in a select few so
you got to know how to manage your time
to
know when to focus on when to prioritize
certain tasks when to delegate certain
tasks right because again it's a
competition out there every skill that
you're trying to master somebody else
you know probably started learning it
before you or it's going to start
learning it tomorrow the world is very
competitive especially for men so you
got to learn how to manage your time but
anyway guys this video was way longer
than I thought it would be I hope it
[ __ ] helps watch this video many
times over take the good this called the
[ __ ] right focus on the skills in
I'm about to nut category so
communication critical thinking
financial literacy problem solving which
is really you know linked to critical
thinking leadership physical fitness and
self-defense those are non-negotiable
skills every [ __ ] man every real man
should have next try to learn the
[ __ ] amazing
skills right and then the rest right
here this is this is this is [ __ ]
useless right and if I have to rank the
ones in I'm about to another category I
would put let's see I can make a
separate video about that where I'm
ranking the ones in I'm about to another
category but that's it guys hope this
video helps remember wait before you
click away you son of a [ __ ] don't
forget to like the video right remember
I'm shadowbanned it's very hard to find
my videos even for my own subscribers
even the ones who hit the Bell so like
the video share it comment support the
channel by buying the book although
remember you could get the information
for free so you don't have to buy the
book it's only for those who want to
support the Channel all my information
is free it will always be free right the
books that I sell is mainly for people
who want to support the channel it's all
of the free information I already give
you guys condens into one place that's
what the book is for but if you broke or
if you don't want to support the channel
you can get all of my information for
free and don't forget to join the
Discord the Instagram I'm a lot more
active on Instagram so let's try to get
at least 10,000 followers on Instagram
subscribe to the channel let's try to
get this channel to a million subs and
remember to go out there and help the
world right that's the job of any
masculine male help the world help your
tribe start with your tribe first
obviously your friends your family and
your goal your ultimate goal should be
to go out there and help the world
remove unnecessary pain right that's the
only thing that matters I don't care
about your identity your your religion
your your political affiliation as long
as your goal is to some somehow make the
world better through action and not
words then I [ __ ] with you team 3D
dominance discipline Direction all right
guys hope the video helps some out of
here all right guys don't forget to like
or share the video subscribe and hit the
bell and buy my HS speed nucleus of L
training program it's the ultimate
program for maximum muscle growth it
includes full body workout splits bro
splits push poo home workouts you name
it also comes with a guide for macros
nutrition fat loss muscle growth
hormones including a meil plan it's
pretty much all my 16 years of
experience condensed into one [ __ ]
book you're also going to get free
copies of any future Edition so visit
team 3D alpha.com and you can use the
40% off coupon code nucleus silo or you
could just buy this [ __ ] at full price
all right guys I'm out of here
