hey what's going on Megan here the
chillest are back the OG of the Tail
list is back this time what is the most
ecstatic muscle slash body part
not just for my opinion but also what
the ladies think three years ago I did
one on uh the best muscles for looking
as big as possible this time we're gonna
Focus just on Aesthetics right I know
you guys are big into the whole classic
physique ecstatic body Frank Zane surge
new Bray type of uh type of physique
these days when I was growing up we just
wanted Mass it was all about being as
big as possible but a lot of you guys
have been requesting this forever so
here it is the most important muscles
for Aesthetics I'm only going to use one
criteria this time right which is both
men and women have to agree that that
muscle is aesthetic so I'm going to use
both your opinion of women in my 20 plus
years of doing this [ __ ] and the opinion
of straight [ __ ] straight dudes all
right all right so let's go uh I'm about
to nut category you guys remember that's
best of the best that's Esther [ __ ]
amazing that's a tear nice to have you
know that's right there title bad
meaning it really doesn't help with
Aesthetics at all and pure garbage
meaning it actually destroys it actually
hurts your Aesthetics if it's too
overdeveloped right all right so let's
start at random right so let's start
with triceps guys I really didn't want
to do this list because it's almost the
opposite of the mass tail is right the
the most important muscles for looking
big which is all I cared about back when
I was into when I was having two
bodybuilding
um but as far as the status goes guys
I'm gonna put triceps back
keep in mind it's for Aesthetics this is
not for this is not what I think right
it's not what I think about the muscles
that a man should have my list is
completely different as far as uh the
muscles that I think every man should
you know should actually develop this is
just for having a nice static physique
not for classic bodybuilding you know
just just to be a status to go to the
beach you know just to uh just to look
just to have that V chamber you know
triceps whether you have big trapses or
not that's not really going to help with
the Statics trust me most girls actually
the funny thing is most girls don't even
know what the tricep is you know unless
the obviously workout you'll be
surprised most girls are like wait
triceps huh back arms what uh so as far
as the status go I'm putting triceps bad
and keep in mind I love triceps right I
love triceps so
stay objective ABS yeah you guys know as
far as the status go I you know again
[ __ ] amazing right
um and you can tell by my voice I'm not
too excited about that because I think
abs are one of the most overrated
muscles in bodybuilding you know uh it's
so overrated trust me I used to chase
ABS when I was you know in my early days
you guys remember the old videos when I
was obsessed with being lean the reason
why I hate I [ __ ] hate apps now is
because apps just keep being Maddie
small I made a whole video about that
most 90s have a ffmi under 21
some some even 18 after years of lifting
because they're so obsessed with the
six-pack if you're natural abs are going
to keep you small most guys with abs
they look good on camera they look good
on uh you know on the photo but you see
them in real life and it doesn't look
like they're lift right it's all an
illusion it's all the pump and the
lighting whatever the the more shredded
the more defined your abs look and you
natural the smaller you are that's a
fact
unless you have King Kong Elite genetics
right you'd be surprised at how many
Naturals are behind
um are far from their genetic potential
their maximum genetic potential for
muscle size because they're so obsessed
with staying under 10 body fat but I
digress this videos for Aesthetics I got
to be objective right as far as the
status go yeah you got to have abs right
you're not going to have a gut and be
like oh look this [ __ ] is so
aesthetic
um next biceps once again Believe It or
Not biceps are not that important for
Aesthetics I'm gonna put that at nice to
have
um and again this is the opinion of men
and women combined right not just my
opinion just from surveys and personal
experience most people do not care about
biceps as far as having an aesthetic
physique goals right you could have 20
inch arms but if the muscles on the I'm
about to not category under develop
you're not gonna look ecstatic at all
next calves believe it or not I'm gonna
put Cavs at man this one is top this
this one is tough cows are bad man yeah
I'm okay yeah if you got chicken legs
obviously you know the girls are gonna
throw you're gonna make fun of you but
no one looks at your calves and goes oh
my God he's so aesthetic nah you know it
doesn't work like that uh next chest
yeah this one is going to upset a lot of
people but once again I'm gonna put that
a nice to have right it's nice to have
you know nice big chest but it's not
really going to add to your Aesthetics
keep in mind this is Aesthetics
including
um with a shirt on and with a shirt off
right if your shirt is on trust me a
chest is not going to add a lot to your
Aesthetics
um if your shirt is off obviously that
you know they will but we have to look
at the hole
um next neck you guys know I'm a big ooh
this one's gonna be tough because you
guys know I'm very biased when it comes
to neck you know I think neck is one of
the most Alpha muscles ever but
um for Aesthetics
uh this one is tough man this one is
tough to be honest I'm gonna get a lot
of hate for this but
I'm also going to put just a nice app
right
um I want to put it higher trust me guys
but I have to be objective this is for
Statics it's enough for it it's not what
Megan wants it's not what Megan likes
this is not for mass or power you know
uh a girl will rarely come over to you
and say oh my God you so ecstatic look
at your NFL player neck you know look at
your Lamar Jackson neck no no you know
now again it does not mean you should
not train neck that does not mean you
should have a pencil neck it just means
if you grow your neck uh to Max
proportions right it's not going to do a
lot for your Aesthetics that's another
reason why I'm not big into you know the
whole ecstatic movement because look you
know a lot of my favorite muscles score
so low you know um and you'll be
surprised you don't believe me ask most
girls man if you have a full again
obviously if you have a nice neck you
know a decent sized neck you know
they're gonna be like oh nice but if you
have a football player neck if you
maximizing that hypertrophy by the way
all the muscles here I'm referring to
when they maximize most girls don't care
you know in fact some of them think you
look ugly they're like oh my god look
you have no neck and I'm always like
[ __ ] off all right next forearm again
forearm is nice to have trust me guys
you guys overhype forearms when it comes
to Aesthetics when it comes to how your
entire body flows yeah you want them to
be developed but not but over developing
your forearms is not going to do
anything for your Aesthetics next
hamstrings get the [ __ ] out of here guys
oh my God this guy has amazing
hamstrings he's so hot not one girl ever
[ __ ] said that [ __ ] right and also
not one [ __ ] ever looked at you and
said look at your hamstrings please show
me your workout program is the HSP
training never right
um now keep in mind I I gotta keep him I
gotta keep saying this over and over
again that does not mean you shouldn't
train those muscles you should train all
of your muscles right
um but as far as the Statics go trust me
yo you don't want to spend a lot of
maximizing hamstring high pressure if
he's not gonna do much
next lats I'm about to not category guys
having wildlats I'm talking about back
width not thickness right is gonna do
wonders for each day why number one
you're not gonna have a V taper without
a white back right it's impossible to
have a V taper without a white back
unless you have a white ass uh clavicle
right unless you have very broad
shoulders
is going to be very hard to have that
nice V taper without a wide back right
so that's the first muscle I'm about to
nut category when it comes to Aesthetics
quads I'm gonna put quads oh man I'm
gonna put quasa
ah static physique or static physique
you're trying to have that Frank Zane
look I'ma put quasa bad man I'm sorry if
you look at some of the most ecstatic
bodybuilders from back in the days they
had chicken legs you know all know they
had chicken legs until later in his
career Frank Zane had chicken legs
Sergeant Bray didn't really have chicken
legs but you know when if you zoom out
far enough it looked like he had chicken
legs
um and yet these [ __ ] were
still aesthetic so it's not something
that if you over develop your quads
it might even hurt your V taper you know
because remember the V chip is all about
having again the upside down V you know
so it evolves chicken legs somewhat you
still want to relax if you train but uh
you know now if you want to X tape it
that's a whole different story right but
this video is not about having the X
tapers about having a V taper next back
thickness or thick back so that's your
wrong boys it's your mid traps your
lower traps your spinal reactors uh
that's not gonna do jack [ __ ] for you
Statics guys most girls don't even know
the muscles in your back right it looks
nice right so in a different category
I'm gonna rank it higher but as far as
the status go I think a lot of you guys
don't even know what Frank Zane's back
looked like he was known as the king of
Aesthetics yeah a lot of people don't
even know what his back looked like
nobody give a [ __ ] right nobody cared so
I'm gonna put I'm not gonna put that bad
um so I'm gonna put that nicer I mean
this is tough I want to put it nice to
have
to be honest I should have put triceps
and nice to have as well but um no we'll
just stick with my my initial
uh Choice next oh this one is so painful
this one is so painful guys because you
know the OG Subs know why this is gonna
hurt me so much
upper traps
as far as the Statics go
ah man this is I'm so sad
I'm gonna put it at bad man I'm gonna
put that bad
yeah yeah guys you know again so I
that's why I hate this the Steelers you
know uh because like I said time and
time again the aesthetic physique is
literally the opposite of the physique
that I grew up admiring the broadly
physique the Napa the the big Mass
monsters you know the reason why I got
into bodybuilding it was for the big
next big traps overpowering chess type
of physique but that's not the that's
not the Frank Zane physique guys that's
not the aesthetic physique and believe
it or not most girls whenever I remember
back when I was deep deep into
bodybuilding and I would just ask most
girls and trust me they hated all the
muscles that I wanted they didn't care
about traps they didn't care about neck
they didn't care about triceps they care
about this [ __ ] right which I didn't
give a [ __ ] about but yeah yeah upper
traps if you over develop your upper
traps it's not really going to do much
for your vjp if anything is going to
make you look um more narrow right
whereas the V taper the aesthetic was
you used to have
you know again that illusion of width
so yeah this is very painful but I'm
gonna have to put that about and um I'm
just look at Frank's hey man this
[ __ ] had like no traps man it
looked like somebody just took a hammer
just kept beating down his traps
flattening them [ __ ] out
and last but least
I'm joking guys shoulders go into the
very top of I'm about to knock out man
get the the very top I'm about to not
category I repeat and this is Case
Closed both women agree
and [ __ ] agree if you want to have the
most ecstatic physique
non-negotiable you got to have nice
shoulders you gotta have shoulders
shoulders are everything and no I'm not
saying that because I'm biased so we'll
show this because I also and you guys
not biased with neck traps and shoulders
but this this is me being as objective
as possible across all cultures
from Asia to Africa to North America to
South America you look at hunters and
gatherers [ __ ] how's the trial
whatever you ask men and women
what that thing the most impressive the
best looking muscle group saw
nine out of 10 times they're gonna put
shoulders at number one and I can make a
whole separate video explaining why why
are we so obsessed with shoulders but
shoulders are everything especially your
side delts and your real adults right
you got to train those uh you got to
train those deltoids guys if you want to
have that aesthetic physique
you gotta have big nice wide Shield
especially if you have a narrow frame if
you have narrow clavicles and you got to
train shoulders even more but uh that's
it guys that's the chillest I'm about to
not category starting with shoulders
especially side dust and adults your
lats right you got to get that width
your abs unfortunately
then you got the nicer hives right which
is biceps chest neck forearms back
thickness you got the bad so if you have
over developed triceps calves
um quads and traps it's kind of hard
it's going to hurt their Statics a
little bit right because believe it or
not the smaller your arms the bigger
your lats appear to be from the front
um and obviously you got hamstrings
which is like you know what the [ __ ] is
it doing here all right that's it guys
again the chair lists are back let me
know what you want me to go over next
time join the Discord comment below let
me know what you guys think don't [ __ ]
on my list thumb up buy the bug support
the channel or like a [ __ ] I'm out of
here alright guys don't forget to like
or share the video subscribe and hit the
bell and buy my HSB nucleus of a little
training program see ultimate program
for maximum muscle growth it includes
full body workout splits bro splits
push-pull home workouts you name it also
comes with a complete guide for macros
nutrition fat loss monster growth
hormones including a meal plan it's
pretty much all my 16 years of
experience condensed into one [ __ ]
book you're also gonna get free copies
of any future Edition so visit
team3dalpha.com and you can use the 40
off coupon code nucleus overload or you
could just buy the shed at full price
all right guys I'm out of here
