[Music]
hey guys what's up Megan here AKA upper
back
[ __ ] U I'm over here doing my Yol work
on my Yol day yes I have a day for traps
and neck
um different
variations okay um first exercise here
is reverse flash great exercise but one
thing you want to remember is try to
protract your scapula as you're doing it
right and keep it locked in keep your
shoulder blades loed in if you use too
much of your scapula you're going to be
using your R balls and your upper back
to move the weight the real delto is a
very small muscle uh even though you can
take a lot of beating is very small so
to isolate it you got to be really
really strict and that may in fact that
may you have to reduce the weight to be
able to effectively hit the real DS and
um yeah so I do A6 of that a lot of
volume but that's for me I do a lot of
volume I told you guys that's how I get
my gains um [ __ ] that heavyweight um
high intensity [ __ ] that only works for
chest back and other fast twitch muscles
anyway next exercise is um Megan p is a
favorite exercise of mine you guys have
seen his you know videos of me doing
this a lot of times I love this exercise
here we focus on Lower rep Rangers about
eight reps you know we trying cuz we
trying to actually hit the Rome boys
that's just the real does with the Rome
Bo is and upper back and the Rome Bo is
a predominantly fast twitch so you want
to keep your um uh oh uh oh got him spin
so you want to keep your um your weight
heavy your reps are fairly low um then I
superet that with some um reverse flies
again once again the reason why I'm
standing is because you I'm trying to
get good stretch on the real delts um
and a you know decent contraction all
right next exercise is yeah so I do
about three to four sets of that
depending on the day I don't I really
don't you know think about sets and Reps
guys I just focus on the principles you
know like if it's a slow twist fiber I I
try to do a lot of volume a lot of um
tension if it's fast twist then a lot of
intensity you know next up go on to a
finishing movement this is a wide grip
orpr rows super seted with bent over
neck rows um to tryg get the a little
bit a little bit of the medial delts so
I'm I go a little wider than shoulder
grow and um a little bit of the real
dust also it's impossible to hit your
realy dust without hitting your Medi
dels they're you know in a way connected
and they support each other um so yeah
and I keep the weight fairly low cuz
like I said you know the muscles I'm
hitting are slow twist muscle fibers you
know all that heavy weight is not going
to hit them effectively you want to be
able to feel the muscle working so
reduce the weight and get good
contractions good failure that's it
that's that's what I do on my Yol day uh
and I change the exercis depending on
the day so real dels guys real dels real
delts I love real delts okay guys take
it easy
