[Music]
hey guys what's up team 3D Alpha want to
show you guys my car backloading meal my
first meal of the day usually when I get
up I drink a cup of coffee uh skip like
I say skip breakfast for two hours and
eat today I'm going to make videos even
though I wasn't supposed to because I
forgot today was Labor Day that's what
happens when you live under a rock and
always studying so I got up my alarm
rang as as usual did my morning routine
rushed H out the
shower drove to work and I mean go to
school cuz I work at my school I had
class from 9:00 to 10 and then I had uh
I had to go to work after that so I get
there and I see you know the parking lot
is empty I'm thinking okay I guess
people you know it's Monday I mean
nobody lik to come to work on Monday
anyway or school and I walk in and the
door is closed you know the main gate is
closed and I'm like labor [ __ ] day so
I was kind of pissed but I was like you
know I was happy and mad at the same
time I was happy because
y'all no work no school and I was mad
because I got up when I could have slept
a little longer and you know but anyway
so now I'm going to use this opportunity
to since my schedule's cleared I mean I
had already done my my daily routine for
today I already had everything planned
out now I realized why I have a big gap
in my schedule now for free stuff
meaning obviously to study and read and
make
videos uh here's my meal for the day I
don't know if you guys could
see well anyway it's uh one slice of
provolone cheese by the way I want to
show you guys what I get what I get
Kroger
Brand it's uh it's called Smoke flavored
Kone it has five grams of protein zero
grams of carbs cuz remember my first
half of the day I'm not eating carbs and
total fat is 6 gram 70 calories it's
pretty good if you call backloading or
you just on a diet or
whatever um one slice of this I have uh
some cashew on the side man I wish I
could [ __ ] show you guys and it's
[ __ ] light all right I don't know if
you can see anyway one slice of
cheese some cashews just a tiny bit of
cashews um they have some cars in here
but not as much mostly fats and then
lettuce you know the first part of the
day I took advantage of the you know the
no carb thing to eat all my lettuce and
all my veggies cuz come night time I I
violate on carbs and um my water
obviously my black coffee no sugar no
creamer nothing you know just D coffee
kind of speeds up your your heart rate a
little bit and facilitates in the fat
running process during the first half of
the day and I have two scoops of protein
shake um it
has has a little bit of a little bit of
carbs I think like six grams times to
that's 12 glams but I'm not worried
about it and that's it that's my first
meal guys uh I get a lot of requests
people asking
me what I eat throughout the day and
right now as I'm eating this and doing
my daily routine and you
know putting checks on my on my planner
as I go along I'm also putting meat and
tilapia in the water to kind of throw it
out that's what I'm going to cook for
the rest of the day I'm going to eat red
meat and
fish so all right guys I hope that helps
so I might make two three four five more
videos just I have sometime on my
schedule
take it easy dominate today King me
