hey guys what's going on Megan here all
right 20 things to never do at the gym
never if you guys go to the gym off and
you know what I'm talking about right
there's always a few guys breaking basic
gym etiquette right so I'm going to rank
them based on the ones that you should
never do the ones that you know you can
kind of get away with I put it pans and
I put bro WTF right what the [ __ ] you
should never ever be called doing
right so let's get started to make the
gym a pleasant place for everybody I'm
going to pick up at random all right
being butt naked in the gym right so
that's the guys that are you guys know
I'm talking about the old guys who are
butt naked in the locker room I mean to
be honest I'm going to put this at it
depends right uh some people are fine
with it some people are not it depends
on culture for some reason it's always
the older guy so it has to do it's
something with the with the generations
because you will almost never see a guy
who's 18 19 20 uh even 30 doing this
it's always the 60 70 old guys um butt
ass naked in the gym with the most
sagging booty it's like H but again I I
I admit that it's a cultural thing um so
I'm not going to roast you too off of
doing this so I'm going to put you
depends right depends on your culture
age whatever but if you can avoid it
avoid it uh next staring at women in a
creepy manner don't get me wrong we all
look we all look especially these days
women come where in the freaking women
are pretty much butt naked these days
they come wearing the yogur pants that
are super tight and we know they do it
on purpose all let's be real they do it
on purpose uh they're not doing it for
Comfort cuz if you speak to most women a
lot of these clothes are actually not
comfortable they do it cuz they want to
be looked at but at the same time don't
be a creep right don't stare like this
guy here right be smooth with it right
you know little little peig here and
there get that little testosterone boost
and then get back to work so uh staring
in a creepy manner I'm going to put this
at bro what the [ __ ] right uh this is
worst than never do this right do not do
this uh next um blasing loud music in
the gym you know bringing your own piece
of equipment and Blasting it nobody
really does this a lot uh but obviously
you know uh never do this right never do
this now I kind of get it cuz sometimes
the gym is playing crappy music when
you're trying to get your PR but again
that's what headphones are for next we
have uh I'm picking them at random so oo
being on your phone right the your rest
period while people are waiting to use
the
equipment never do this right never do
this that is so annoying the reason I'm
not putting it higher at bro what the
[ __ ] is because sometimes uh you know
you got to track your your WS your SATs
your LIF I think everybody should track
their workouts uh so yeah if you're
pulling out your phone because you want
to you know track your life whatever
that's fine but if you're looking at
social media you know surfing the
internet while people are waiting like
come on that's mad rude I'm putting this
that never do do this right there are
some exceptions though right I mean if
your rest period is 3 minutes or longer
you got to do something uh but yeah just
don't do it especially when the gym is
pack the gym is not packed then do
whatever the [ __ ] you want if the gym is
packed come on you know I I can't stand
that [ __ ] when I'm waiting for an
equipment a person is just sitting there
you know just going through his phone
all right next we have uh o oof this one
not racking the weights correctly
specifically the dumbbells you know you
know what I'm talking about got somebody
putting the 50 lb dumbbells in the 20 lb
slot whatever uh never do this right
never do that it's so annoying
especially when people trying to get in
and out of the gym really quickly you
know and then they're trying to find
they going to the 50 lb spot and then
you see a 30 lb n there like like come
on right don't do it uh next you have uh
recording yourself uh I mean recording
people without their permission or
taking pictures of people without their
permission I don't care if you're
recording yourself just make sure that
one your gym allows it and two ask
people permission if they're going to be
in your shot right unless it's a gym
where it's expected right some gyms
literally say hey this is an influencer
gym you allowed to record well in that
case you sign up for it so I'm going to
put this at uh don't do this right in
fact uh I'm going to put this it depends
right it depends it depends on what the
Gym's rules are but be considerate of
people some people don't like being on
camera um next you have laughing at
people doing weird [ __ ] guys we all we
all been there we've seen those guys who
are using doing weird exercises madeup
exercises uh that look stupid as hell
laughing at them openly you know I'm
going to put this at never do this like
come on you know you don't know what the
person is going through you don't know
if the person has mental health issues
uh you don't know if the person is
experimenting with a new movement that
even you don't know about right so you
want to laugh at them deep inside that's
fine we all do it deep inside right uh
but not openly right don't don't shame a
person openly uh they're in the gym
they're trying to improve their life
they're trying to get better um the last
thing they need is to look around and
see and people ridicule them but you
know for the guys who are actually doing
those weird movements like sometimes you
guys be oing I'm not going to lie it
take it too far sometimes uh next you
got dropping the weights super loud
right like for example somebody doing a
set of dumbbell bench press and it just
slam the waist on the ground one you
destroying property two that's so
obnoxious it's so loud right if you
can't put the weight down uh in the you
know in the respectable manner right and
I'm I'm referring to respecting gyms
equipment then the weight is so heavy
for you right so I'm going to put this
at don't do this right don't do it um
next loud ass grunts I'm not talking
about just normal grunts right cuz if
you're training hard you're going to
make some sounds let's be real if you're
training hard you're going to grunt a
little bit I'm talking about like super
loud grunts like the guys who
go like come on bro come on you're not
turning super saiyan stop it it's
[ __ ] annoying it's obnoxious I'm
going to put this at never do this right
I don't even care if the gym is not
packed it's so freaking
obnoxious and it's even worse when you
look at them and then they're freaking
lifting like 20 pounds right come
on um that smelling like ass bro bro
what the [ __ ] right again I've been
working out for year so I've seen it all
guys who come in if you smell like sweat
that's fine I mean come on guys the gym
right you don't you don't have to go
there with your manicure and pedicure
and fragrance it's the gym it's the
place where people go we sweat we work
out so if you smell and I'm talking
about like just sweat I mean that's I
would prefer if you don't but ideally uh
you know uh come clean but I'm talking
about smelling like straight booty [ __ ]
that what are you doing right and it's
happened so much of the point where you
don't want to use the the equipment the
person use even after they wipe because
they still do the residue on it right uh
so don't do it don't come smelling like
ass wipe your ass I know in America you
guys like using toilet paper and stuff
no when you take a [ __ ] you use water in
Africa we use water in other places of
the world they also use water use water
make sure you have a clean booty when
you go to the gym especially if you're
going to be squatting you know when you
squatting your butt cheeks are opening
up and stuff guys come on come on and
then you go and you sit on the bench
right and at the bench sm's like ass and
God forbid you sit on it without knowing
and now you walk around some like ass
it's like Pastor baton right now people
think you're the one that has do the
draws so you could tell I had a lot of
negative experiences with that so please
guys wipe your booty hole before you go
to the gym uh next asking for spotter
that's fine guys a lot of people are
scared to ask for spots I don't know why
you right this new generation is so
scared of rejection I don't know why ask
for spotters worst Cas scenario that
said no best Cas scenario you actually
have um you know you actually should
prevent this right so ask for spotters
uh there's no reason to risk your life
I've seen too many times you guys have
seen the videos people like breaking
their backs their necks while squatting
or benching cuz they were too proud or
too afraid ask for a spotter ask I ask
all the time you know and sometimes they
say no you know and I'm like okay on to
the next one uh but if it's anything
that's heavier than your five R Max asph
for
spotter next spitting on the floor bro
what the [ __ ] right believe it or not
some people do this they spit on the
floor like where did you learn this
right so obviously you don't do this uh
next you got coming to the gym while
sick and I'm referring to a contagious
disease I'm not talking about like oh
you know you know you little under the
weather but if you have a contagious
disease uh don't do this right don't do
it right uh especially if you got like
AIDS and some [ __ ] come on guys come on
right just be mindful right um let's
see uh what's this one right here oh
training in front of the dumbbell rack
training in front of the dumbbell rack
don't do this right the reason I'm not
putting highs because sometimes the gym
is empty if the gym is empty fine grab
the dumbbell do your quick set move on
but the gym is packed this thing goes
higher this goes to like never do this
right because you're literally blocking
all of this without even knowing
okay next you have incorrectly rcking
the plates now I I for the people who do
this I give you a little break because
at least you're rcking your weights but
this this right here this [ __ ] is
[ __ ] annoying right putting the 45s
on in front of the 25s or the 25s in
front of the 10 guys come on I I I'll
give you a cookie for racking your
weight
but rack it in in the in a normal man
especially for me I got like OCD so it's
even worse you guys know I like to
organize things I like when things are
in order you know structure that's why I
like doing tear list and you know I'm
all about structure and order so when I
see this I lose my [ __ ] so never do this
there's never a good reason to do this
right I might even put that bro what the
[ __ ] but nah that's reserved for like
you know capital punishment type of
stuff uh next you have um uh cold
approaching women at the gym never do
this never do this it's it's some most
women would tell you it's uncomfortable
they go to the gym to work out uh they
don't want have to worry about being
approached by creeps all the [ __ ]
time um so don't approach women at the
gym unless you know her unless she she
gives you like you know signals or you
know just don't do it don't do it and I
know it sucks because the gym is a great
place to meet people it's also a great
place to meet a potential partner but uh
you know don't don't approach them uh
don't C approach unless the situation
calls for it um next you got o this one
is controversial right so that's using
multiple equipment at the same time
right so super setting triy setting you
know doing CrossFit type [ __ ] uh this
one it depends right it depends wait I
actually picked the wrong one the [ __ ]
yeah there it is it depends right if the
gym is empty go for it and I'm guilty of
it myself because you guys know I do
full body workouts I'm a very busy man
so I try to be and I the gym as fast as
possible so I do a lot of super sets a
lot of super sets chest B by tries lats
shoulders you know front dels whatever
but I'm mindful one I make sure I do it
when the gym is empty and two if I do
super set I let people know hey you guys
could jump in while I'm while I'm doing
this so I put that one at it depends
right but if the gym is super packed I
try not to do it right so this will be
higher the gym is super packed right
just be mindful when I go into the gym
it's not it's not all about me I look
around and I I try to make sure that I'm
always a net positive orever I go or at
least a neutral right wherever you go
don't take away from people's happiness
people's peace of mind right so be
mindful uh next you have not racking
your dumbbells never do this that [ __ ]
is so [ __ ] annoying right always rack
your
dumbbells uh next you got inviting
people to join in on an exercise with
you if you know you're going to take a
long break right that's fine right wait
wa wait that's not this one yes it's
this one there you go all right that's
fine right I do this all the time if I
know that I'm going to be doing a heavy
set of you know rolls or heavy set of
squats or whatever and I know that my
rest period is going to be long and I
turn around I see people are waiting I
tell them I said hey I'm going to rest
for about 3 to 5 minutes instead of you
just standing there on your phone
waiting for an opening hey hop in hop in
especially if it's an exercise that's
easy to like move the weights right like
rows you could just remove the 45lb
plates put them back you know to chess
support R yeah don't be afraid to tell
people hey you know I'm trying to save
you time hop in wor scenario they say no
I'm fine I'm going to wait basic
scenario they you know they go in and
you save him time right it's it's not
hard to be nice guys it's really not
hard uh it's actually harder to be a
dick next you have uh not wiping your
equipment never do this right never do
this especially if you smell like ass
like this guy over here right uh wipe
your equipment especially if you're
sweaty or whatever um after use if you
don't want to wipe it bring your own
[ __ ] towel and put it on a uh you
know on the
equipment um next you have giving o
giving advice to people who didn't ask
for it giving advice to people who did
not ask for it right uh I'm going to put
this at don't do this I wanted to put at
it depends right cuz some people are
really about to snap this [ __ ] up
especially beginners and you p p me's
like oo I really want to tell them to
stop doing doing this but sometimes you
got to let people learn um through
experience I'm going to put that don't
do this right don't do it because a lot
of times you guys are giv advice you
don't know what the [ __ ] you're talking
about and and also you know some people
just don't want to be approached right
so don't walk up to a stranger and be
like oh I think you should do your
upright RS this way [ __ ] off
right uh next you
have talking having long trying to have
long conversations with someone who's
working out right oh my goodness I can't
stand that [ __ ] I'm sorry I I know sh I
never do this but I've had friends who
who did it like I'm not talking about
gym Partners I'm some my friends you
know people that you know at the gym and
they would come up and they would just
talk and talk and I'm trying not to be
rude right cuz like I said you got to be
a net positive everywhere you go I'm not
trying to be but I'm like bro come on
first of all I super set right so I
don't I don't have long rest spirits and
when I do have uh you know rest Spirit
I'm trying to focus I'm trying to stay
dialed in bring in the animal you knowz
you guys know I hate the gym you know if
you've been training for years you
should enjoy the gym if you train hard
you should not enjoy the gym I don't
care what nobody says people say well I
love the gym you train like a [ __ ]
people who train hard actually hate the
gym I dread the [ __ ] gym because I
train hard as hell even though I'm not
bodybuilding anymore I just live for
mental health and physical health and
things like that so the last thing I
need is someone to sit there and talk my
ears out come on say hi [ __ ] off okay so
guys don't do this right especially the
long convos you know especially you see
the person is literally like hyping
themselves up they got the headphones on
and you coming in and you go hey so
what's up you
know like come
on um next what do we have next we have
taking very very long breaks when you're
using an exercise right don't do this
I'm not going to put that never do this
because again if you're like a
powerlifter and then you you're doing
like sets of four or five on the squat
yeah you might need like 5 to 10 minutes
sometimes uh so I'm not going to put
that never do this but just be be
mindful depends on how pack the gym is
but people who just sit on exercise for
like 10 minutes and I'm like dude what
are you doing like at least at least
five people could have used the the
equipment during that time next we have
uh what's this yeah so using an exercise
for an equipment for something other
than what it's intended for so you know
curling in a squat rack or doing these
weird movements on on you know on the
machine that's not set up for that I
want to put that it depends right I know
a lot of people like oh no curling and
the squ No No it depends it depends
right because who knows maybe uh you
know the other equipment is taken maybe
the gym is busy there's many reasons it
depends so I'm not going to put that at
don't do this or never do this uh and
sometimes I'll be honest with you guys
um I'm guilty of this CU there are some
for example neck curls almost no gym has
a neck curl um machine so I tend to
improvise and I'll use like I'm going to
make a video actually showing one day I
tend to use different like the shoulder
uh the shoulder press machine I'll use
that to do neck curls and blah blah blah
so it depends long story so it depends
um but if the gym is if you see people
are waiting for the squat rack don't go
there and curl that's my disrespectful
last but not least giving people
compliments giving people compliments
that's fine bro I I do it all the time I
told you guys whenever you see a person
struggling whenever you see a person you
don't have to know they
struggling it's free to give compliments
to men that is not to women because we
live in a society where you give a
compliment to women you could you can C
your case but if I see a guy working out
I see a guy training trying to better
his life I come up and I'm like good
[ __ ] give him a pound I keep him moving
right I don't try to St convos like this
guy here uh but I give that that
encouragement that positive feedback
right to make the J more positive but uh
that's it guys hope the video help
