hey guys what's going on oh
[ __ ] all right there you go hey guys
what's going on Megan here [ __ ] man this
[ __ ] is all out of all right good this
is probably the most exciting find I
ever stumbled across guys probably the
the most exciting this video is [ __ ]
going to be crazy now you guys know
right Sherlock SW I love doing research
I just love it I love learning I love
knowledge I love I get bored when I'm
doing the same thing over and over again
right that's I'm always trying different
[ __ ] even if I find something that works
right I'll still try to experiment the
next thing I I never tried just to see
if it's better than the previous one I
always want to see if the grass is
greener and then this way if the grass
is not greener I come back to what works
right so if you're familiar with my
channel you know I was I was a big big
proponent and I still am of overtraining
for games right I made that video like a
year ago when I it was called uh how
overtraining can help you build big
Broly Ty moners something like that I
had a picture like Johnny Jackson on it
and this video has actually like a lot
of a lot of people watch that video and
that's when I I I was explaining how I
was not referring to overtraining as
like you know I'm not going to eat
calories I'm not going to eat my protein
or do or do whatever and just you know I
was referring to over training that in
quotes high volume training you know
training the same muscle either every
day or or twice a day or [ __ ] doing
super high volume whatever I was I was
calling that kind of overtraining
overtraining and I was saying how it
could be good beneficial in the long run
right and back then I told you guys that
I didn't know the science behind it but
I was pretty sure that eventually it was
going to be found right I always tell
people that I love combining science and
Broad science because science other guys
who stay in the lab and experiment and
actually see what's happening between
the lines right actually see what's
happening inside the uh what whatever it
is they're studying but the pro science
guys actually the ones doing it damn
thing right that that's the ones in the
gym so yes they might not be right all
the [ __ ] times we might not be right
all the time when we come out with crazy
theories but we we close right we we we
usually close I mean a lot of stuff that
scence is finding out now all know and
all the guys were doing it years ago
right and they had no clue how it was
happening and that's how Bro Science
came out it would just say well if you
jump three times and spin and hit your
head on the side you grow a big b they
just make up something but they had you
know it was based on experience so
that's what I look at both sides because
science is always behind bro SCI get
what I mean like a bro scientist will
say this the S will say okay let me go
experiment and then SCI will either say
okay this is true or it's not true so
both ways you got to look at both sides
and that's how I based all my research
on but that overt trining thing that's
the only thing that I didn't really have
science behind right but I told you guys
you welcome back to one of the videos I
made after that I said I know there's no
science to back it up but I guarantee
you guys it works and very soon science
will come out you know we'll finally
explain it and it was the principle of
if you pick a muscle right there have to
be one if you pick one muscle and you
train it every day you overtrain it for
like 3 to four weeks or a month maximum
a month I always people never go more
than a month and you give it some some
rest after that when you go back in the
gym and you train it with normal you
know 10 or 12 reps normal bodybuilding
parameter stuff it will blow up right
and I got that idea by looking at it so
many people from Africa to Europe to
everywhere I've been who able to build
great physiques by accident you know
like I talked about the farmers in
Africa that were not the farmers the
Masons that would do wheelbarrow work
all [ __ ] day and had these great
traps and they didn't know where the
trap's muscle was they were just going
to work right and these guys who were
using uh were selling shold we used to
call it be it's funny name in Africa
they would ride the bikes up and down
the hills all day selling shold and they
had these huge quads with these skinny
upper bodies right because they they
were using their quads under tension for
a long time and I talked about so many
examples right watch that video and I
was like man why is it that when
somebody uses a muscle every day that
muscle just seems to grow like crazy
whether they s TR or not right and
what's even crazier is if you used to
over Trend the muscle in your teenage
years and or in your you know 20s
whatever and You Begin bodybuilding the
muscle used to overtrain before by
accident or purposely whatever grows
like [ __ ] crazy right so I was like
you know what everything is pointing
towards that thing it's not just
genetics I hate people that just see
somebody with a great body part and say
it's just genetics sometimes it is
sometimes it's not kind of like the
whole math story you guys saw the video
how math trucks grew up when marus for
saw my goes oh genetics genetics
and I saw I was like you know what it
looks like genetics but let's do some
research then I found out that former
walks and things like that were great
ways to BR to build your tribs and I
asked Matt one day I said hey dud Matt
did you do anything similar to former
walks when you were like uh young he
goes no I can't think of anything and
then he messaged me he goes oh I used to
do wheel barar I used to carry wheel
barrels remember the African story The
the guys with the wheel barrels he see I
used to carry wheel barrels back and
forth in my father's yard when I was
growing up and every time I finished it
my trust was soore you know I used to
hate doing it and because I was lazy
actually just pile as much weight as I
could on it and just starty to you know
drag with it and when he started
bodybuilding guess what's the muscle
that GLW the fastest on M his traps you
know so I looked at guys I put out a
piece of paper and wrote down so many of
these [ __ ] stories it's the list is
endless I could post it on in the
description if you guys one crazy
stories you know and eventually I got to
conclusion that dude if you if you
training muscle every day even me when I
first started bodybuilding I used to go
to gym and just do biceps every [ __ ]
day right I had like I had no peak no
bicep peek nothing at all right I used
to do biceps every [ __ ] cuz I didn't
know anything I didn't know any better
and um when I when I started eating and
because back then I didn't know about
nutrition when I started eating my
protein and whatever doing all that
stuff the first body part that grew even
when I stopped training every day was my
biceps and I was like what the [ __ ]
people thought oh good genetics I was
like no I used to train this [ __ ] every
[ __ ] day same with my chest I wanted
my chest to grow and I had met a guy in
my swimming class um in high school and
he told me uh that he should do 50
push-ups a day so I you know what bro
let me let me try doing it so I us every
morning the moment I woke up I would do
100 Push I started with 10 I couldn't
even do 10 then over time I build it up
to 20 30 50 and I was like you know what
might as well do 100 I was able to do
100 push-ups a day and my chest didn't
really grow big right cuz I said by the
time I didn't know about protein I was
just [ __ ] training and when I started
bodybuilding guess what's the body part
that grew on me getting the fastest my
chest even though I was saying like once
a week now so I realized man there's
something about that everyday training
thing and I told you guys you want to
make a muscle grow I don't know the
signs behind it but just hate it every
day for like a month mon take a break
from it and then after that when you go
back to the gym training normally like
every other body part and it will grow
and I got messages and pictures I can't
put it out of the pictures cuz the
people wanted their privacy but I start
to cut the head and show you people that
built in in weeks guys like four to six
weeks came back and they like oh my God
I could never get this body part to grow
and now it's h it was something before
and after pictures and I was like God
damn this thing works so I went and I
asked my boss at work I asked my
supervisor cuz she does biochemistry and
things like that no one could give me an
answer until I stumbled upon this uh
article one day it was based on a study
watch this guys it's amazing now you
guys know I like I like studying
biochemistry even though it's not part
of my major just because I love the
human body I like the way the Body Works
and like I said science finally found
out for you science [ __ ] that
refuse to do anything until science
agrees well now you behind because
science just found out why this [ __ ]
crazy strategy work oh and then later on
I found out that the uh the CT Fletcher
guy cuz he I think I did that video like
a year and a half ago and one of my cers
messaged me and said dude is this guy
called CT feter he has huge arms he said
he should train it every day so I added
him to my list and anyway
um this is the muscle cell right I hope
this video does not stop on me you guys
you know what let me pause it and press
play
again all right cuz it stops by itself
let's say this is a muscle cell right
obviously it really looks you know
something like that but let's prend this
is a muscle cell right a muscle cell has
a nucleus right now the the average cell
has one nucleus muscle cells are the
only cells of the human body that that
can have more than one nucleus right
nuclei plural for nucleus so that could
have a whole bunch of these
[ __ ] right now the size of a
how much a muscle can actually grow
depends on how much nucleus it has I
mean I mean it makes sense the nucleus
is where the DNA is that's where protein
synthesis you know really begins that's
where testosterone binds to the Androgen
receptors that goes in the nucle got the
nucleus is everything it's like the
brain of the cell right it it dictates
everything right and around the cell
also have mitochondria and all these
things that produce energy and ATP make
a long story short the more nuclear you
a cell muscle cell has the faster it can
grow right so if this cell here has
three nuclei this one has two you know
you do the math this is scientific
proving this one is going to grow faster
than this one it has more um more brains
if you want to call it if this cell has
[ __ ] a shitload of nuclei then if all
three of these guys three different guys
train using the same intensity same
everything same nutrition same genetics
this guy is going to grow a lot faster
cuz he has more nuclear once again that
is proven now the question arises how do
you increase the cells nuclear right
because obviously you know you want to
get bigger based on this you want to
increase the cell nuclear how do you do
that well where does that nucleus come
from the actual nucleus comes from
something called satellite I made a
video about that I think I did I
mentioned it in a lot of videos
satellite cells or stem cells are like
say this is the muscle cell right just
want there stem cells meaning that jeans
are not activated yet right they're just
sleeping call it that they're sleeping
around a cell and when you work out
let's say you you know you damage your
bicep you work out you make like little
injuries here micr in the muscle these
satellite cells proliferate meaning they
multiply and they go to the place where
the energy you know the injury has been
done and they fused they form May blast
and they you know they kind of fuse to
the damage side and then make the muscle
bigger that's how your muscle L people
don't know that's how your muscle
[ __ ] grow right you damage the muscle
cell right here boom bicep curl
satellite cells go there Fusion fuse
patch it up the muscle cell looks bigger
you repeat that over and over again boom
you a swore [ __ ] right another
thing testosterone increases the
activity of satellite cells myostatin
decreases activ satellite cells that's
why when you lower myostatin or when you
Mya deficient you grow Huges than the
[ __ ] watch my video my stting so
the question is how do you increase
nucleus one thing is obviously to tone
steroids right when you take steroids
your nucleus increase like a
[ __ ] right the cell go go make
the muscle bigger even if it there's no
damage another thing the scientist found
out is they took uh they realized if one
muscle of the human body works harder
than the other one so let's say I break
your arm and I make this arm do all the
work or I break your right leg and I
make your left leg do all the work right
your left leg after a period of time is
going to have more nuclei than the right
leg cuz it's doing more work and they
figured out what what's the key what is
the secret they realize is volume
overtraining when you overwork a muscle
they tested it on humans and on rats cuz
on rat you could actually break the
motherfucker's legs right she's [ __ ]
stadistic but hey that's a lot of
medicine comes from they took a ride to
prove that it worked on humans and rats
they took a ride that that I think they
broke one of his legs to make the other
leg work harder and over time the nuclei
in the other in the leg that was working
harder grew so what point am I trying to
make how do you increase your nucleus
you don't want to break the your other
leg you don't want to take steroids uh
you want to do high volume training they
find out that when you do high volume
training or overtraining as most people
call it like if you train the same
muscle every day really really hard the
cells increase so
what no oh the cells increase the
satellite cells go give the and they
donate the nucleus right so they go and
as opposed to you having three now you
probably have like four or five or six
whatever so
okay sh
[ __ ] okay taxes came in guys so they
they go to the site and now now think
about the most of doesn't grow right
away the only thing that happens is the
nuclear increases so your potential to
grow increases but the most of it stuff
doesn't really grow like crazy that's
why I told people I said look overt
train that muscle for a while take a
break and they'll go go training
normally and then it will it will grow I
didn't know why but now we know why
because what happens is once you do that
high volume of a training [ __ ] for like
3 weeks to four weeks a month you're
increasing the size of nuclear but the
muscle Stu is not really growing right
you're just increasing that you're
increasing the mitochondria ATP produ
all all that stuff but the muscle stuff
is not growing it's really pyop plasmic
hypertrophy right and I made a video
about that but then after that when you
go back to training normally heavy high
intensity whatever now the muscle grows
way faster than all your other muscles
because that muscle just got an increase
in brains in nuclei so once again if you
want to could put the studies in the
description uh to all the you know all
the studies all the links whatever
there's so many of them just type new
Nui uh biogenesis all these things
satellite Cell Activation all these
things so what do you get what's the
conclusion what do you get out of this
video the reason why overtraining works
for a certain period of time because
mind you if you're doing that
overtraining [ __ ] for like your whole
life you're just increasing nuclei until
you reach your genetic potential the
muscle is not really going to grow it's
when you stop doing that [ __ ] after you
got and begin to live heavy that the
muscle really expands and grows way
faster that's why traps U mat trap blew
up that's why oh and I also find out
soccer players people that play soccer
people that that Sprint people that do
high volume high intensity and high
endurance strength enduring stuff when
they start lifting weight that's the
reason why they grow so so you know so
much faster because sprinting and
cycling and playing sock and all these
things increase the nuclei inside the
muscle but not the muscle itself so when
it finally start lifting Weist and
working out they grow a lot faster
that's that's the reason why me and H
talked about it when we discovered
that's the reason why hun blew up so
fast after a whole year of playing
soccer and not training not only his M
to had you know got a chance to reset
but he had so much condensed nuclei on
the muscles and he started lify he got s
of progress and there's so many stories
uh that's the reason why I m m traps i m
with my uncle when he used to do his
back every [ __ ] day without even
knowing it and now he does his back once
a week and it's his the most dominant
body part uh and he shot the same thing
with legs same thing happened uh I tried
the same thing with triceps at one point
at one point I had these huge triceps
cuz I did the same thing I'm going to go
back to doing it I used to do really
High Reps high volume U on my triceps
and then I stopped and I went back to
doing normal once a week training and
blew up I want to go back to that so the
the lesson is this guys you want the
muscle to grow same thing I told you
earlier guys overtrain it for about two
to four weeks right no more than that
after that take a week break to reset
everything reset your un reset
everything and then go back and train it
normally like you know whether once or
twice a week back to your original
routine and you be amazed at the Gams
finally I said last year when it wasn't
proven now I'm saying it this year when
it's finally proven if you got any
questions put it in the comment section
I might make a part two to this while go
into more and more details
but four
weeks I say three to four weeks I say
mon like I said in the other video one
month of high volume overt trending
whatever you want to call it eat a lot
of protein guys and obviously sleep and
then followed by another month or more
of um typical 10 to 12 heavy lifting all
right hope this video helps and and stay
tuned for more on the same
topic I have you know a gut but this is
me at 200 bounds right took this this
week that fat ass picture was me at 185
to show you guys that yes in in in under
6 months I was able to put on 15 lbs
when I went back to straight car
backloading and look at this how do you
put on 15 lb and look leaner than when
you at 185
