hey guys what's up so this video is on
testosterone make sure you watch the
first one on insulin uh so 333 right I'm
trying to keep it as simple as possible
um I'm not going to go into the details
so there's more to what I'm saying here
make sure you go to online or whatever
and find out the rest so uh three
functions three three ways to increase
it or release it and three ways to lower
it so you stay away from it obviously
when it comes to this St one all right
three basic functions number one uh
characteristics it helps to develop your
um when you go to puberty obviously what
makes you look different than a woman is
your testosterone right it gives you
your deep voice your your um your
increases your bone density makes you um
stronger more muscle mass all that good
[ __ ] right everything that small sper
development of sperm and um obviously if
you have low tea you know your sperm is
all [ __ ] up and [ __ ] uh so yeah that's
number one develop your male
characteristics right uh number two is
obviously the the mental aspect right
it's contri it contributes to your
overall Drive mental Wellness your
energy um your uh just your passion you
know people that are just really
passionate about life and ready to
tackle life usually have high
testosterone levels people that are
always depressed and [ __ ] uh have uh low
testosterone level right so tone also
plays a big part in your mental Wellness
your your Alpha meter your [ __ ] your
drive your passion you know um your
ambition all these things and so when
you're young and high testone man you
you don't feel [ __ ] man you have these
crazy dreams this crazy
you just want to conquer the whole
[ __ ] world and when you get a little
old you kind of like eh you know but
anyway um so that's two and number three
obviously the most important one for us
bodybuilders is protein synthesis it it
helps synthesize it helps in protein
synthesis it helps in the development of
muscle M like I said earlier strength
all that good [ __ ] right so without
testosterone you pretty much [ __ ]
right cuz women have growth hormone
women have insulin women have all the
other hormones that we males have but
the biggest difference is they have a
lot um less testosterone in us and that
makes a big difference all right so even
if you have a lot of growth hormone your
tea levels are not there you pretty much
[ __ ] and also right the three ways to
increase it obviously number one is
heavy ass weights uh lifting heavy
weights compound movements any movement
that uses more than just um multi-joint
movements right like bench press dips
pull-ups bubber roll dead lips right if
you do you're not you're not going to
get the same development the same
release of the Stone from the bench
press or dips that you get from rope
pull Downs or or bar curls or whatever
so the more the more muscles you use at
once and the the more muscle mass you're
stimulating the more testosterone you're
going to release uh that's why usually
training legs and back release the most
testosterone because man the you know
some big muscles all right so that's one
you know that's the training aspect um
number two way to increase everything
through your diet you want to eat a lot
of Health you know a lot of healthy fats
believe it or not you need some
saturated fats beef all that stuff you
need zinc vitamin D um vitamin D um all
your diet pretty much right so the other
the ways through your diet
uh another way to increase it obviously
is through sleep you know most of your
tea levels are released not just when
you're training but when you're
recovering uh so if you don't sleep a
lot you don't take a lot of naps hey go
figure your T level is going to plummet
um all right three ways to low to
recently I made a video about that
obviously uh refined sugar you right if
you eat a lot of let's say soda anything
that's that's too sweet anything that
you won't normally find in in in nature
right something that a caveman didn't
have [ __ ] access too and [ __ ] will
obviously lower your testosterone it
make and I mean it's not rocket science
right sugar
uh let me be specific right ref find
sugar right all that processed buit I'm
not talking about rice and and potatoes
you know cuz that's actually kind of
good but just fast digesting sugar will
spike your insulin everybody knows that
right your insulin stores fast highly
antibiotic orone yes it it helps in um
with your muscle but it also stores fat
testosterone it helps break down fat
right people have cuz that's one
actually helps you look lean so
obviously those two can't [ __ ] work
at the same time so a lot of sugar is
going to [ __ ] up your tea levels unless
you take it when you really need it you
know like I said like post-workout you
know [ __ ] testone you need insulin
post-workout um so that's uh that's that
obviously I mentioned the lack of sleep
is going to hurt your
testosterone and
um what else what else what else what I
mention so yeah lack of sleep
sugar
uh what else man I'm thinking everything
is going through my head but anyway
that's enough I'm going to put in the
description I I can't memorize
everything I'm not a [ __ ] biology
teacher but that's all you need to know
about t Stone as far as it main
functions and why it's so important if
you need more uh Google that [ __ ] I'm
going to try to put something in the
description all right guys uh hope this
helps I'm out and remember optimize your
tone level right it's what keeps you
out
