if you're trying to maximize your
natural testosterone levels these are
the items you should focus on
hey what's going on megan here talk to
you tuesday the video should be up
tomorrow because i don't feel like i'm
loading it today but anyway let's rank
the top 25 protein sources most common
protein sources based on their ability
to increase natural testosterone
production
so let's say you're on the budget or you
don't have a big appetite and you want
to get the most bang for your buck as
far as what type of foods protein
specifically are going to help you
maximize tea production this tail list
is for you now obviously we're going to
use the standard team 3dr for tearless
so i'm about to not that's best of the
best these are the foods that should be
at the very top of your list mandatory
[ __ ] amazing are things that would
have been at the top but i'm missing
just one or two key factors okay these
are items that are going to help boost
the status from production
but just not as much as the ones in the
top two obviously right so they're not
bad but you know they're not too great
either now bad for the purpose of this
video simply means it's not going to
have a significant effect on your
testosterone levels right so anything i
put in this category does not mean that
it's bad for you it just means for the
sake of increasing testosterone
it's not gonna have any significant
effect and obviously same thing pure
garbage means
it's barely gonna do anything for you to
style some levels right again that does
not mean that you shouldn't eat the
items here
obviously they have other they're good
for other things protein sentences blah
blah blah but not for maximum
testosterone production the main
criteria we're gonna use are three
things right number one it has to be
high enough in cholesterol which is
obviously the building block of
testosterone i know collects all those
demonics out there but you guys know in
order to synthesize to start swimming
your body needs
ample amounts of cholesterol right which
is obviously going to be found in foods
that are high in saturated fat now of
course your liver makes its own
cholesterol but again not enough to
maximize testosterone production since a
lot of it is used for other things such
as biosynthesis and things like that
next
it has to be high in zinc right high
enough in zinc and you guys know it's
very hard to find foods that are high in
zinc and last but not least it has to be
high in supporting nutrients with
testosterone production right so vitamin
a selenium omega-3s for
anti-inflammatory properties
right so number one
high in cholesterol number two
high enough in zinc and obviously number
three high in supporting nutrients with
testosterone production and obviously
i'm gonna compare them on a weight by
weight basis right so gram per gram
ounce per ounce all right let's get
started chicken breasts bad you'd be
surprised how overrated chicken breast
is again for protein genesis great right
you build muscle great but to maximize
the size from production [ __ ] no right
it's not high enough in cholesterol
definitely not high enough in zinc and
it's also not high enough in supporting
macronutrients all right again it has
other nutrients but not supporting
nutrients for the sake of maximizing
testosterone production
next turkey breast same thing right bad
category
next muscles which are very underrated
by the way it tastes great they're in
the okay category right they're
descending cholesterol not too high
descending zinc decent and selenium and
other supporting nutrients right so i'm
going to put them in the okay category
tuna
pure garbage
yes the shocker popular bodybuilder food
good for protein sentences right good
for muscle growth but not great for
testosterone production very low in
cholesterol again relative to the other
ones here very low in zinc relative to
the other items
and also very low in supporting
nutrients
now it does have some vitamin a
and a little bit of selenium but again
the fact that it's so low in cholesterol
and so low in zinc well
relative to the other items on the list
put it all the way down here
it also has a bit of vitamin d but again
it fell the top two criteria next bacon
you'd be surprised okay category high
enough in cholesterol has a decent
amount of zinc and a decent amount of
selenium now again it doesn't have as
much vitamin a or even vitamin d as tuna
does but again
it has enough for the top two most
important criteria which is cholesterol
and zinc next cheese
in this case cheddar cheese
surprisingly in okay category right it
has a good amount of saturated fats
right good amount of cholesterol also
has a good amount of zinc believe it or
not it also has small amounts of
selenium and vitamin a
and calcium which obviously going to
help steroidal genesis most people
really underestimate how good cheddar
cheese is
egg whites pure garbage
there guys notice how the foods that are
very popular among bodybuilders on
steroids are the ones that are actually
at the bottom of this list which is not
surprising they're already getting
testosterone exogenously right so that's
so it's no surprise that a lot of the
foods that are popular among
bodybuilders are horrible for natural
testosterone production right they don't
need it and your dumb ass is just
copying and pasting their diets and
wondering why your testosterone levels
are [ __ ] all right tuna egg white
chicken breasts notice how these foods
are low in fat low in saturated fat low
in cholesterol low in zinc
but yet professional bodybuilders love
those foods and when you try to copy the
same diet your tea levels go to [ __ ] and
you wonder why you have
all these side effects right these foods
are so
deficient
in the nutrients needed to synthesize
testosterone but once again you can't
blame them they don't need it right they
don't need for the balls to make
testosterone because they're already
injecting the [ __ ]
so use common sense guys that's why i
hate when influencers want steroids on
tlt try to give advice
to natural people about how to eat or
how to train right we live in two
different worlds all right next greek
yogurt pure garbage again very low
cholesterol very low in zinc very low in
supporting nutrients with testosterone
cottage cheese pure garbage another
bodybuilder favorite again great for
muscle protein sentences right if you
want to build muscle great but
very low nutrients needed to maximize
this health so whereas the items up here
are going to help you build muscle and
they're also going to help you
synthesize testosterone next soy right
soy protein whatever you guys already
know where this is going pure garbage
it's not even close i mean this thing
should be at the absolute bottom of the
list for obvious reasons now again don't
get me wrong some studies have shown
that it's detrimental testosterone some
have shown that it's not a tremendous
testosterone but enough studies have
shown its negative effects on
testosterone for me to be convinced over
the years right in addition to the fact
that it's low in zinc and low in
cholesterol
right so it's definitely not worth the
risk
next whole milk now i'm not gonna lie
this one kind of hurt me because you
guys know i'm a big proponent of milk i
think milk is one of the best foods for
bodybuilding um but when it comes to
testosterone production i'm gonna put a
pure garbage right it's very very very
low in zinc very low in saturated fat
very low in cholesterol relative to the
atoms higher on the list and it's also
low in the supporting nutrients you need
to maximize testosterone production
now again it's great for other things
that's why i recommend it but for the
sake of testosterone is that pure
garbage and i'm not even gonna go into
you know the estrogens depending on the
cows that they got it from blah blah all
right next next shrimp okay category
decent amount of cholesterol decent
amount of zinc not too high but also not
too low chicken thighs same thing same
thing as a
shrimp decent amount of cholesterol
decent amount of zinc and decent amount
of supporting nutrients and keep in mind
i'm not mentioning the b vitamins
because most of the atoms on this list
are all high in b vitamins right for the
most part and the most significant b
vitamin for testosterone is vitamin b6
anyway too right to increase dopamine
and gnrh and lower polite and blah blah
but anyway let's uh stay on topic all
right egg yolks holy [ __ ] [ __ ] i'm
about to not category keep in mind this
is egg yolks not the whole egg just egg
yolks extremely high in cholesterol
which is good for you once again as long
as you're healthy and you exercise and
stuff like that
high in zinc high in selenium high in
vitamin a decent amount of vitamin d
extremely high in choline which is also
important for testosterone production
mainly through choline's effect on
acetylcholine and obviously nitric oxide
production i mean holy [ __ ] egg yolks
are in i'm about to not category any day
of the week next whey protein pure
garbage yep i know that sucks
whey protein is a savior for people
trying to get a protein intake in again
for muscle protein synthesis it would be
at the very top of the list but for
testosterone
very low in cholesterol very low in zinc
very low supporting nutrients next
salmon [ __ ] amazing i mean salmon was
so close to being that i'm about to not
category right the only reason why it's
down here is because it's not high
enough in zinc in fact it's actually
very low in zinc but jesus extremely
high in omega-3 fats very high in
selenium obviously high any other b
vitamins like most animal sources high
in vitamin d decent amount of vitamin e
in addition to its ability to increase
muscle protein synthesis because of its
high leucine content i mean salmon holy
[ __ ] it would have been so much higher
if it just had a tiny bit more of zinc
next fish eggs specifically
salmon right salmon roll again same
thing [ __ ] amazing category for the
same reasons i mentioned earlier
extremely high in omega-3 fats
which obviously protects your testicles
from inflammation
as you guys know inflammation is one of
the number one reasons why testosterone
levels are dropping like flowers
is because our diets are so inflammatory
in addition to all the other reasons i
mentioned before but anyway high in
omega-3 fats that's gonna help protect
against that high in selenium a decent
amount of iron why you don't want too
much orange decent amount very very high
in b12 with small amounts of vitamin d
and vitamin e i mean again salmon guys
salmon and salmon eggs again only reason
why it's not higher is the zinc content
is not high enough right in fact i'll
put this in front of uh salmon because
as false cholesterol goes it has way
more cholesterol than regular salmon
over double next
regular eggs right so that's including
so that's the yolk and uh and obviously
the egg whites [ __ ] amazing category
but mainly because of the yolks right i
already explained the benefits of the
yolks i'm gonna repeat myself but the
only reason why it's down here is
because
we comparing these based on weight right
so one ounce of ag even though it has
the benefits of the egg yolks it also
has a lot of [ __ ] egg white in there
right and obviously egg whites and pure
garbage so that's some reason why it's
not and i'm about to nut is because we
comparing these by weight but again as
far as why it's up here just go back to
the part where i explain the benefits of
egg yolks next oysters i'm about to nut
category
case closed
extremely
high in zinc in fact it's the highest
concentration of zinc out of every other
food on this list and every other food
and all the other [ __ ] ass taylors right
so eventually i'm gonna do one for carbs
and fats and whatever oysters are number
one when it comes to zinc on a planet
but that's not it there's more they're
also extremely high in selenium right
which obviously has a lot of antioxidant
properties which is obviously needed to
protect your latex cells from oxidative
stress it's also extremely high in
copper right because remember guys
increasing your zinc has a few downsides
right it's going to lead to copper
deficiency right because you can get
copper compete for absorption so
oysters also have a [ __ ] on the copper
to help fix that issue right very high
in cholesterol not as high as egg yolks
of course but high enough about 28
milligrams for every ounce it's also
very high in omega-3s has a decent
amount of iron has a decent amount of
manganese and high magnesium manganese
which obviously is important to start
showing up to a point again inverted u
curve right you need some manganese for
proper gonadotropin releasing hormone
function especially before puberty but
again long story short oysters i'm about
to not category only problem is they
taste like [ __ ] and it's so [ __ ]
expensive next beef liver holy [ __ ] the
nut is coming guys you guys already know
i mean it needs no further introduction
beef liver is so [ __ ] high in
nutrients which makes sense i mean your
liver is where most of your vitamins and
minerals and a lot of important
nutrients are stored or manufactured by
the body now as far as the saxophone
goes a huge
a huge amount of cholesterol right
pretty much shits on everything down
here a great amount of zinc relative to
the atoms down here of course a good
amount of selenium a good amount of
copper to offset your high zinc intake
a huge amount of vitamin a which is
obviously very important for
testosterone production especially at
the level of the lady cells right it's
the reason why there's a lot of vitamin
a receptors around your lady cells um
and keep in mind you know everything has
an inverter you curve right so you don't
want too much vitamin a but again it has
a [ __ ] ton of that uh not sure if i
mentioned iron already but obviously it
has a lot of iron for you anemic
[ __ ] out there it has a huge
amount of choline which as i explained
earlier when i was discussing the egg
yolks is extremely important for
testosterone and proper cognitive
function and it also has every single
one of the b vitamins i mean holy [ __ ]
guys you cannot [ __ ] wrong with liver
next one is chicken liver again same
thing right not as good as a beef liver
but pretty damn good right definitely
better than the items below it next red
meat so we have steak and we have
obviously lamb right same thing high
amounts of zinc
high amounts of cholesterol they're not
as good as liver but the only reason why
they're not [ __ ] amazing is because
they're relatively high in zinc right
very high compared to the other items
down here nothing close to oysters but
high enough next pork chops i'm gonna
put those in okay category right they
have a decent amount of cholesterol
decent amount of zinc uh but not
high enough to compete with the other
items up here right and they also have a
small amount of supporting
macronutrients and last and least
[ __ ] tilapia right tilapia is [ __ ]
[ __ ] when it comes to testosterone
production very low cholesterol very low
in supporting nutrients very low in zinc
and i say guys that's the list if you're
trying to maximize your natural
testosterone levels
these are the items you should focus on
you have eggs oysters liver beef and
chicken liver right in fact most animal
organs
steak
red meat like beef and lamb those should
be the bulk of your protein intake
combined with obviously the items in the
[ __ ] amazing category which is salmon
uh salmon eggs right so roll caviar
whatever the [ __ ] you want to call it
eggs those should be at the very top of
your list and obviously the items in the
okay category uh won't hurt as much
especially if you're cutting right
especially if you're cutting
where you want every item on your meal
plan to be extremely high in nutrients
right and you guys also see how the
items that are very very popular among
professional bodybuilders on steroids
are actually at the very bottom of the
list it's no coincidence that's another
reason why i'm sorry against people who
go on these crazy long cuts because you
guys are cutting your fats right when
people are going to cut whatever to do
they lower their fat intake
and they end up missing out on all these
foods up there right and you guys wonder
why when people try to get shredded and
when they try to get super lean they
just start some levels go to [ __ ]
right because they completely eliminate
the foods up here
and they replace the macros they replace
their protein with their foods down here
right crushing the testosterone level in
addition to the fact that being on the
caloric deficit itself
crushes your tea levels right unless
you're obese of course right and now you
guys also see why all of these guys end
up going on tlt or just straight out
steroids because they cannot maintain
that shredded lean physique
naturally right t levels go to [ __ ] so
they have to inject it anyway guys i
hope this video helps keep in mind
nothing comes with our risk diets high
in cholesterol high saturated fat are
great for testosterone production but if
your lifestyle is [ __ ] if you full of
inflammation then obviously it's going
to be detrimental right so always look
at things in context all right peace out
all right guys don't forget to like or
share the video subscribe and hit the
bell and buy my hsp nucleus of a little
training program see ultimate program
for maximum muscle growth it includes
full body workout splits bro splits
push-pull
home workouts you name it also comes
with a complete guide for macros
nutrition fat loss muscle growth
hormones including a meal plan it's
pretty much all my 16 years of
experience
condensed into one [ __ ] book you're
also going to get free copies of any
future editions so visit team3d
alpha.com and you can use the forty
percent off coupon code nucleus overlord
or you could just buy this [ __ ] at full
price all right guys i'm out of here
