all right guys what's going on Megan
here with best top five backs of all
time top five best backs of all time and
how they were built continuing the
series next up we're going to have uh
legs and forearms and biceps on and on
now um quick uh quick note this is based
on back width this is not based on
overall back or back thickness because I
decided to split the two a lot of people
have great back thickness but they
really have a lot of width you know to
go along with it a lot of other people
had uh you know white ass backs but it
wasn't really that thick right so I'm
going to split up the series into
probably three you know best wide backs
best the thickest backs and then the
overall best backs this one is going to
be
on back wi so pretty much lats how wide
the lats were all right so let's get
straight to it top five um I'm going to
start with Lee Haney the reason why I
put Lee Haney at number five is because
you got to understand his back
development relative to his era Lee
Haney I don't want to hear it Lee Haney
was one of the first guys to really
bring the importance of having a big
wide developed back on the bodybuilding
stage some guys before him had pretty
decent backs but he's really the one who
set the the the ball as far as you know
because after leaney came along every
bodybuilder every Mr Olympia after him
had to have a great back prior to him it
was kind of like you know remember back
in the 70s 60s you know it was really
big chest big biceps just being big on
stage you know Lee Haney really brought
you know like the whole wide back thing
so I'm putting him up there because you
know his back was pretty wide for his
error as you can tell in this picture
here now mind you as you can tell back
then legs was not as important that came
with the know Duran Yates and Ronnie
Coleman eror but he definitely had wide
ass lats wide lats and um going on to
number four we have Jake Cutler Jake
Cutler is underrated when he came to lat
with straight his back was wide as [ __ ]
guys people don't give him he gets a lot
of credit for his shoulders his quads
you know you're GNA you're definitely
going to see him in the B L of all time
video but um he doesn't get a lot of
credit for how wide his [ __ ] back was
now his back was not as thick as and and
detailed as some of the other guys but
he's definitely had a white ass back you
know to sit up there you know match his
quads definitely in fact if you listen
to a lot of his uh his interviews back
in the days he had to make his back that
wide because he was going up against
Ronnie Coleman which you're going to see
soon you know Ronnie Coleman had a white
ass back you couldn't have stand on
stage next to Ronnie Coleman unless you
had big quads wide back and big
shoulders and jakea definitely had some
white ass last which you of course
attributed to doing a ton of volume a
ton of volume
mind you he did not always have a wi
back people out there who were like oh
it's all about steroid it's all about
genetics of course genetics play a part
of course steroids play a part but you
know a lot of these guys did not have
wide backs you know years into their you
know after earning their Pro cards you
know his back became really wide when he
had to go up against Ronnie Coleman
that's where you this where you see the
importance of what you're actually doing
in a gym as opposed to just genetics and
steroids you know a lot of what you do
also adds to that CU all these guys on
steroids all these guys have great
genetics but you know when you see
somebody you know make gains after they
have their Pro card right it's not it's
not always genetics and ster is you know
you know most of the time you know it's
also what they've been doing because
your genetics will kick in within the
first few years of training you know
same thing with steroids all right so
let's go
on Boom number three I had to put rynie
Coman at number three I hate putting
Ryan Coman on any of these videos simply
because he had like the best everything
you know he was on he to be fair Ry is
on the top five everything shoulders
traps back chest legs you know you name
it you know [ __ ] Ronnie Coleman
destroys every list so I hate putting
him on these list but I had to put him
on this one because he also had a wi ass
back that you know he didn't get a lot
of credit for he got a lot of credit for
everything else overall Mass his arms
his back thickness but people forget
that he had a wide ass back and if it
wasn't because his waist was so damn
thick his back will be even wider will
look even wider now there go on the
picture here as you can see hanging lats
straight hanging lats straight monster
there's another picture here for
comparison as you can see they're all
doing the exact same pause you know and
mind you this is Chris carmier and flex
wheeler you know they they're not some
[ __ ] pushovers but as you can tell
Ronnie Coan lats are just monstrous
monstrous another picture of him here
you know where he's pretty much the only
one doing the PO but you can still see
you know how how low and out his lasts
hang out um also Ry com to train his
back when he wanted to bring his back
withd up he had to start increasing the
frequency he had to go from Trading them
once a week to twice a week and
eventually he started doing twice a week
on everybody but but uh that's one thing
that helped him bring his back out once
again you know his genetics you know
helped him a lot but he had to add
different training methods to maximize
the back development all right at number
two we have you guess it Joel [ __ ]
stubs yes I know I put him in front of
Ronnie Coman mind you we talking about
back withd here we're not just talking
about overall back overall back might be
a little different but this guy is known
as having some of the W you know the
whitest back you know if it wasn't for
number one of course you know kind of
makes sense he'll be you know first
place white ass back white ass back Joel
stubs you know from the Bahamas check
out this other picture here insane back
development white as hell and of course
he attributes his back development to a
lot a lot of pull-ups you know if you
watch my videos on you know um training
the same muscle every day and all that
[ __ ] I mention I I don't think I
actually uploaded this video but if you
look at the word record holder for the
most pull-ups or some [ __ ] like that I
think it was a I don't know if he's the
word record holder but he want some kind
of [ __ ] uh competition is a former
Navy SEAL guy who's actually retired um
and he's back is white as hell you know
he he was doing he was doing pull-ups
every single day in case you don't know
by now guys you want to have a white ass
back you got to do pull-ups you know if
I do an addition for natural
[ __ ] I'm definitely putting
Chris Jones on his videos man cuz when I
train with him in uh T boy boy you think
his back is wide on YouTube wait till
you see in real life but this is
obviously not for Natty [ __ ] so
let's move on to number
one bam Dorian [ __ ] Yates hands down
I believe widest back of all time you
know relative to his size you know
dorian's back was just wi as hell guys
you he also he's also in the video for
you know thickest back but right now
we're focusing on lats he has some wi
ass lats and once again it's not just
steroids and genetics even though that
do play a part because Dorian did not
have did not have that wide ass back
when he got his Pro card in started
competing he got that wide ass back
after he got his ass whooped by Momo
right after that he went in he
researched back training he researched
everything that was to know about back
development muscle development and he
came on and shot everybody everybody
came on stage white ass back ever and
since then I still don't know anybody
who actually kicked him off that throne
in terms of just last yes you know he
kind of has some low you know la
insertions but once again he did not
have that back when he started competing
so it definitely came about after he
started making some changes to his
routine uh obviously he was doing a lot
of close grip instead of wide grip
pull-ups I mean uh pull Downs he did
pull-ups early in his career uh he also
did a lot of pullovers you know he made
pullovers very famous you know uh on the
notless machine you know you lucky as
hell if your gym has that [ __ ] but
anyway yeah look another picture here
this one is one of the famous pictures
of his back another one here boom
look at that lats that's my inspiration
for lat development obviously I know I
can't get that naturally but I want to
come [ __ ] close you know and my back
my back width really came along when I
started using a lot of these techniques
you know negatives and things like that
so yeah guys that's it top five widest
backs of all time you know based on my
opinion right obviously it's just my
opinion if you disagree comment below
let me know your top five widest backs
of all time and stay tuned for the next
episodes in the series guys team through
the alpha don't forget like helps the
channel grow subscribe if you're new
share the video comment all that good
[ __ ] Diamond displine Direction I'm out
of
here the segments so go in the comment
section and just vote vote on what you
think is your most requested uh topic
and then obviously the one that has the
most likes are the ones are going to you
know prioritize in case let's
