hey guys what's going on Megan here all
right best muscles to maximize punching
power I made a video a few months ago
actually was last year where I went over
the best muscles for fighting in general
so I included everything striking
grappling you know blah blah blah
whereas this one is mainly for punching
power right so let's get started right
so these are the muscles that not just
an increase in size right cuz let's
remember power is forced by velocity so
now just Mass right so these are muscles
that you either want to make them big or
you want to make them powerful right
fast so uh either way will work right
you don't have to necessarily make a
muscle bigger in order to increase power
right you can just learn how to recruit
the fibers better so these are the
muscles that you should prioritize from
Francis and ganu down to smigo maxing
and LOL is like come on you wasting your
time all right so let's get started
forearms right forearms are actually I
think they're overrated when it comes to
punching power yes obviously if you have
bigger full on
um you're going to add more mass right
especially at the point of impact um but
I'm going to put that in uh Max Hollow
is right there in the middle Diamond
Cruz is below so by the way for those
you guys who don't know Max Holloway
would count as the average category and
obviously this would be uh B and this
would be a and this would obviously be S
TI right so this is s a b c which is
around average d e f all right so let's
see forearms for for maximizing punching
power I'm going to put in Max Hollow
here right mainly because of that
increase uh in Force at the point of
delivery but it's not going to really
help with
speed let's see remember when we talking
about knockout power we talking about
speed right now just Mass but speed you
need
both um let's see next let's Pick Your
Heart Right obviously your heart is an
important muscle but believe it or not
guys I'm going to put this in Dominic
Cruz category and and and hear me out me
out obviously you need good cardio to
fight this is not for overall fighting
if you look at the video I made about
best muscles for fighting obviously you
know hard was ranked a bit higher but
this is just for punching power you do
not need good cardio to throw a powerful
punch in fact some of the best most
powerful punches I'm looking at you
Francis have terrible cardio right
because obviously you know uh the M
muscle you have it's going to require a
lot more oxygen to move it so I'm not
saying to neglect cardio right cardio is
extremely important it's s tier when it
comes to fighting in general but for the
sake of this video where we only
focusing on knockout power Diamond
cruise tier plus we we I'm really
referring to skeletal muscle here anyway
so okay let's see next we have your neck
ah this one is going to hurt me so bad
but I got to be objective guys uh smigo
maxing right neck is not going to help
you with punching power at all I'm sorry
um and trust me it pains it pains me to
put this here now if we're talking about
punching uh sorry knockout defense oh
yeah then this would be S tier so
where's the other muscle this one is the
stoc clom toid there goes the splenius
right so again smigle maxing it's not
going to do much for punching power but
it's going to help you take punches
which is not what this steel list is for
next we have uh let's see Spano Erectors
ah I'm going to put that in Max Holloway
chair mainly because it's going to help
with obviously you know stabilizing your
body so you could throw a powerful punch
because obviously if you're unstable you
know you're going to leak out a lot of
tension is going to leak out so I'm
going to put that in Max Holloway here
next we have Cavs man Cavs are so so
overrated I'm going to put that in
Dominic Cruz here you do not need BR ass
Cavs to throw a powerful punch of course
you're going to need your Cavs to throw
a punch obviously right but Punchy power
comes from the bottom up but I mean look
at there's a lot of powerful punches
with caps you know um Alex
Perell will not get the out and
he's not known for having amazing Cavs
uh so yeah I'm going to put that down
here and that doesn't mean it's useless
right it just means it's not higher
relative to these other things here next
we have triceps again believe it or not
I'm going to put triceps at Max hallowe
here I'm not going to put it higher than
that right because obviously you're
extending your arm at the point of
delivery but remember you can knock
somebody out with a hook or an
uppercut and you don't need a lot of
tricep power in order to do that right
you're going to need main it's going
play a stabilizing role right doing the
recall but that's about it um let's see
now obviously if you're throwing like a
if you're throwing a jab or you throwing
a cross then you're going to use a bit
more triceps but um that's not the only
punches in uh in boxing next we have
glutes that's going in Francis and ganu
here hands down uh and you guys know
that's me being objective because I'm
actually not a big fan of glutes uh for
you know for hypertrophy but when it
comes to athleticism power at the very
top of the list uh next you have lats
I'm going to put l in Alex bar here
Believe It or Not guys last play a
powerful role in punching power not just
for combinations when you're going to
have to retract your arm uh but a a very
very strong stabilizing role in throwing
powerful punches you got to have a a
good back and obviously it's going to
help you in the clinch as well but again
this video is only for punching power
next you have quads I'm going to put
quads at Alex periva here yes your quads
are obviously needed uh to throw a
powerful punch but it's nowhere as
important as glutes next we have uh your
core right so we're going to do your
obliques I'm going to do both of these
together right so we're going to do your
obliques and obviously your abs right
I'm going to put this in Francis and G
here right you can't when it comes to
punching power your core is everything
right um so I'm that's one of the few
things I'm going to put up there with
glutes when it comes to punching power
next we have your biceps guys Believe It
or Not biceps are overrated if this was
wrestling then yeah yeah you know this
would be a lot higher so I'm going to
put that one in Max Holloway chair right
you do not need powerful biceps uh to
throw a powerful punch now of course if
you're throw in the hook clearly it's
going to come in handy but even then
most of the power is going to come from
your lower body uh next we have your
chest now this one yeah this one this is
where even the casuals we get it right I
want to put that on Alex per right
almost every punch is going to require
you to activate your packs uh to a
powerful extent right whether you're
throwing a jack
cross hook uppercut whatever you're
going to need to activate your um your
chest fiber especially your upper chest
as well right especially if you're
trying to do a really powerful mean
uppercut it's all upper chest um next we
have your traps I'm going to put that
one right next to lats right that's
mainly going to help with stabilizing
your shoulder girdle uh which is very
important for IVC power right you don't
want tension and force to leak out uh
and it's also going to help with
obviously combination right retracting
the first P should throw the second one
blah blah blah so next you have uh
serratus interior believe it or not it's
also called The Boxers muscle for a
reason right so I'm going to put that
one in Alex barera but I'm going to put
it right next to chess right because
they have very very similar and
overlapping roles uh next you have your
seratus oh sorry no your Terrace major
and minor um this one I'm going to put
in Max hway to I'm going to put that One
Max H TI uh mainly stabilizing
role uh next you have your come on guys
LOL you guys know I always on this
muscle right come on your TBI Alis is
not important for punching power
um next we have shoulders I gotta put
this in Mike Tyson here you know got to
put it in Mike Tyson here the only
reason why it's not hard is because
nothing comes close to those guys here
but got to have powerful show there the
reason why strong boxers people with
great knockout power have massive front
delts uh punching is mainly uh you know
after you generated the power from down
here you going to have to transfer using
your
shoulders next we have hamstrings
believe it or not this going to suck a
lot of people but right there next to
glutes boom Francis and gotu here try
throwing a powerful punch without
Contracting you know your hamstrings
good luck good luck right they play a
role in almost all punches uh so that's
it guys hope this video helps these are
the most important muscles for punching
power stay tuned for the next one join
the school Community buy the ebook
support the Channel all the good stuff
I'm out
