hey guys what's going on Megan here if
you are deficient in betaine your
testosterone levels are gonna get
crushed I repeat if you're deficient in
B chain trimethylglycine which is a
natural nutrient of your body produces a
lot of it is stored in your testicles if
you're deficient in it your testosterone
levels will get crushed and as you've
guessed most people are deficient in
betaine most people don't eat enough B
chain most people don't eat enough of
the food that makes your body uh produce
butane so that testicles are constantly
being bombarded by oxidative stress
damaged latex cells leading to obviously
impaired testosterone production and
sure enough the low testosterone
manifests itself in your mood your
energy your muscle mass your body fat
storage and things like that but anyway
so I posted this quiz three weeks ago
let's see 3 400 men voted on it I'm
gonna read the comments see what
everybody else is saying first and then
I'm gonna give you guys the correct
answer and I'm gonna tell you how you
could implement this into your life how
you can make Lifestyle Changes uh the
team 3D Alpha way meaning cheap
affordable ideally free simple practical
um and obviously evidence backed
all right so let's see the comments
right uh I always feel the effects would
be chained after I eat my tofu salad you
guys gotta stop crapping on tofu uh I
don't know but Gus should be uh 500
boost picture that man goes harder than
the rock I give a day guys the reason
why I put uh uh guts here is because I
mean let's let's be honest he's over
trained as hell right the guy doesn't
sleep uh he's constantly full of stress
I could go on and on but yeah uh guts is
over trained guys you know he needs to
to do an M2 reset or something but let's
see uh in my past I was a girl then I
ate when I had a racist history
big Ram is pizza it what the hell gives
such a boost just think about what Alpha
could do
uh I believe there's also pob chain and
quinoa and his uh oh see I'm saying
quinoa right now right because I told
you guys why when I said quinoa which is
how I used to say people ended up buying
granola instead of quinoa so now I have
to say quinoa to stop uh grocery stores
from running out of granola for no
reason all right it's actually on the
highest source of it
yet another reason to eat quinoa besides
like this around next uh my uncle told
me white sauce also has betaine you know
RB rip to Uncle Jeffrey I noticed that
I'm more inclined to go to complete
muscular failure to taking BJ has my
workout significantly every time not
sure what it is I learned something from
this channel one subject keeps attacking
you guys
being a day keeps the doctor away
Socrates could you please do a video on
absorption how to factors of I mean for
sure off topic I'm not gonna read it for
some topic guys uh my man's putting
mother effing guts only at 20 this would
be two thousand percent uh let's see I
know some topic but I want to ask how
Wellness effect SBG I'm definitely gonna
make a video about that don't worry
because a lot of people
misinterpret the research on uh nuts and
testosterone and in fact most people
don't even know how sgbg works really
you know they all think it's they forget
about the inverter you curve that I
always talk about and I think they think
the goal is to reduce lgbg as much as
possible which is actually completely BS
you don't want it too high but you don't
want it too low but anyway I'm gonna
make a video about that Gus is less test
than Brad pale you ain't saying I know
he's gonna piss off a lot of people with
that but uh let's see
um Megan I was wondering if you know
anything guys this is too long man I'm
not gonna read all this Megan should
take on biological man alone and cheat I
was competing oh gosh you you just wait
you just wait till I make the videos on
what I think about the whole trans
nonsense
um you know biological man competing
with oh my God competing in women's
sports and thinking oh look I lowered my
two levels so now I'm fine as if that
negates all the years of my nuclei
accumulation and and benefits and
strength and I mean again I'm gonna make
a whole video about that because I'm
gonna rain for 20 minutes
um and I'm probably gonna get canceled
but whatever uh you should make a video
about if so is okay I have no idea what
it's about I think 50 Megan I ate so for
three times a day I get falls asleep
it's like guys you guys got to stop
[ __ ] on tofu man
um let's see I see guys I go for it this
one is new to me trying to eat Beach
anything that has the word beta in there
must be
anything that has to work better in it I
actually never think about that the word
b chain actually has better in it
personally I find injecting soil more
effective guys stop [ __ ] on um on
vegan foods man they're not all bad you
know like I said vegan diet it's not
ideal for
uh Peak Performance but it's also not
100 back you know you need to have a
balanced diet you need plant Foods you
need animal Foods you know you need
Foods veggies you need everything guys
humans are omnivore so
um you guys are overdoing it with the
with the story jokes
um but anyway
s to be changed you give me the needle
Jesus Christ sunflower come on me again
we all know you sneaking I knew it was
gonna be a all right guys should be more
than Brad Pitt there just eat so all
right anyway so I'm gonna give you guys
the answer and I'm gonna explain to you
why
um so
uh the correct answer is actually c 200
yep uh in this I'm gonna go over to
study in a future video if you guys are
interested but they gave young man B
chain they're studying testosterone
levels about 500 nanogram per deciliter
it was teenagers a young man uh but
shows you that something's wrong because
the teenagers should not be at 500
Grandpa that's the leadership but the
supplement they would be chained for
only about two and a half weeks and uh
and then their train and without without
the training the Chile always went
through the roof all right I'm gonna go
over the setting show you guys exactly
and went up a ton when they're combined
in with training at one point it went up
200 meaning three times
so the tea levels went from 500 up to
1500 nanogram per deciliter you know and
this is just from B chain again which to
show you guys that men are not supposed
to be walking around with low T you guys
it's all due to nutrient deficiencies
I've been telling you guys this since
day one right and this is and that is
corrected one nutrient deficiency think
about it they're correctly just one
nutrient deficiency and then went from
590 gram per deciliter to close to a
thousand before training and again 1500
after that workout obviously after the
workout it came back down from 15 but it
was still significantly above uh you
know the Baseline team meaning there was
significantly above 500 nanogram per
deciliter and that's not shocking
because if you know what B chain does in
the body by the way once again you guys
know I'm not recommending this
supplement I want to explain later on
where you should get the majority of
your B chain
but if you look at the effects of B
chain which you just you know it's an
amino acid right it's trimethylglycine
it has a ton of effects on again pulling
water into the cells it's an osmolite uh
it lowers inflammation because the
lowest oxidative stress long story short
there's a reason why your testicles have
a lot more B chain than a lot of other
tissues in your body right your body
needs to be chained to keep a you know
guys you gotta understand that one of
the number one causes of low T the
reason why I would say fix your nutrient
deficiency because one of the number one
causes of low T is just inflammation
rights chronic inflammation from chronic
oxidative stress your testicles and your
pituitary gland your your hypothalamus
every cell in your body is constantly
being bombarded by oxidative stress
right free radicals blah blah because of
your shitty diet because of the
environment and as long as you eat a
nutrient-rich diet not only are you
going to provide the substrates to make
testosterone not only are you going to
you know provide the substrates uh that
are going to kick start gonna have a
trip and releasing hormones
you're also going to fight off free
radicals you're also gonna fight off
inflammation and reduce oxidative stress
right and that's one of the number one
Ways by which uh betane increases
uh testosterone production now where do
you get B chain once again you guys know
my rule right do not rely on supplements
unless it's a backup plan right your
body makes betaine naturally if you eat
enough choline I already made a video
about choline check it out uh and over
90 percent of people I think it's uh was
it 94 percent
are deficient in choline right between
90 to 94 depend on the study
most people don't need enough codeine
therefore most people are not only
choline deficient but also deficient in
BJ right if you eat enough choline trust
me your body is going to make plenty of
B chain and it's going to restart the
Stick of the function right so once
again this is further proof that one of
the number one reason in fact the number
one reason for the generational decline
in testosterone and also the drop in
testosterone where aging is simply
nutrient deficiencies vitamins minerals
antioxidants that's why in studies that
reverse nutrient deficiencies you see
these crazy increases in testosterone
naturally right now of course they use
the supplement in the study because they
had to isolate the the compound right to
see the mechanism of action but you
don't have to supplement with betaine
get it from foods like I always say
water foods high in choline right I mean
you could eat foods high in betaine if
you want but it's best to also just eat
foods high in choline that's what your
body is going to get the choline that
you're deficient in and then your body
is also going to convert that to betaine
again what are the foods high in choline
eggs beef liver I'll tell you guys all
the time if you eat enough eggs enough
red meat enough salmon
enough liver you're gonna check off at
least 80 to 90 percent of your daily
recommendation for nutrients right and
then the rest will come from veggies and
fruits and nuts and things like that
right so once again liver
beef liver you only need about one ounce
a day eggs
red meat salmon right that's going to
give you plenty of choline
and watch my videos on cool links for
more details and the correct answer is C
the young man went from 500 nanogram per
deciliter to 1500.
when they come by in B chain plus
training and of course as you know I
don't just pick the the findings of one
study and jump on it this has been
replicated and backed up by many other
lines of supporting evidence both in
humans and rats all right so moral of
the story get your eggs get your liver
get your salmon like I always say eat
the top five foods necessary for maximum
testosterone production all right join
the Discord subscribe click the like
button if you want to boost the
algorithm and support the channel by
buying a bug and things like that
alright guys don't forget to like or
share the video subscribe and hit the
bell and by my HSB nucleus of a little
training program it's the ultimate
program for maximum muscle growth it
includes full body workout splits bro
splits push-pull home workouts you name
it also comes with a complete guide for
macros nutrition fat loss monster growth
hormones including a meal plan it's
pretty much all my 16 years of
experience condensed into one [ __ ]
book you're also gonna get free copies
of any future Edition so visit
team3dalpha.com and you can use the 40
off coupon code nucleus of the Lord or
you could just buy the share full price
all right guys I'm out of here
