if you're fat free max index is under 19
what the [ __ ] are you doing
hey guys going on megan here the
ultimate fat free mass index guide how
jacked you are how much muscle you
currently possess this is the best
predictor or how muscular you are is it
perfect of course not it has a lot of
pros and cons just like every other
metric but it is the best one that we
currently have i don't care how base you
are how dense your bones are how tall
you or how short you are most of the
time your ffmi is going to give us an
accurate estimation of how much muscle
mass you currently carry right you're
not going to land in this territory just
because you have dense bones or you're
obese that's not how it works right
anyway pause this video make sure you
calculate your actual ffmi uses body fat
percentage chart as a guide because most
people underestimate the actual body fat
percentage most people who are 15 think
they are 10 most people who are 20 think
they're 15 right so use this body fat
chart to guess your body fat percentage
go to any fat free mass index calculate
online find out what your number is i
don't care if it's normalized or
adjusted the difference is not that big
anyway and then return to this video all
right let's start with number one if you
are under 19 if you're fat free master
index is under 19 what the [ __ ] are you
doing guys you should not be under 19
and i'm explaining why soon right that
is smiggle territory unless you are sick
unless you have you unless you're coming
back from an extended period of bad rest
whatever your fat free mass index for
somebody whose goal is to maximize
muscle growth that is should not be
under 19. keep in mind this is for
people who are trying to maximize muscle
growth not everybody's obsessed with
muscle growth right so this video is
strictly for bodybuilders or people who
love maximizing muscle growth next if
your effort from eyes between 19 to 22
yeah you the average joe right that's
about the average regardless of your
race right obviously asians the average
for asians is around 19 and then it goes
whites and hispanics and obviously
blacks blacks the average for black's
about 21 points something i'll put it up
on the screen right so i just rounded it
up i factor in the standard deviation so
that gives you a range of about 19 to
22. so if you're fat free mass index
falls between this range
you know you just act as the average
person right so nothing too impressive
unless you obviously you're on the high
end uh without even training then yeah
that's pretty impressive but keep in
mind you know uh if you watch my race
videos you know you shouldn't be
surprised
uh why the range is 19 or 22 uh based on
your ethnic group on average once again
there's always outliers you also have to
factor in the you know the fact that
blacks are also more obese on average
and also carry more muscle on average
whereas asians are more lean on average
and also less obese on average right so
don't get a butt hurt next if your ffmi
is between 22 and 23 you slow right so
that's where my fmi was back when i was
obsessed
with having a six-pack you know that's
all i cared about and i sacrificed a lot
of muscle uh to reach that but if you're
between 22 and 23 then you know you
better than the average person that's
all it is you're better than the average
person you work out you lift weights if
you are between 23 and 24 you are very
small right so this is addly next
territory keep in mind the leaner you
are uh you know obviously the more
impressive your fmi is because the
leaner your trusses are you also have to
sacrifice a lot of muscle whereas when
you're bulking of course you're gonna
have a higher fmi because you also have
more lean mass when you bulk so having
an fmi of about 23 to 24 while being
around six to seven percent body fat
even five percent body fat in some cases
that's very [ __ ] impressive right
also that's the ffmi of division two
college football players right so that's
very [ __ ] impressive if your ffmi is
between 24 to 25 you are monstrously
swore right thank chris jones when he
was shredded as [ __ ] right i think he
was around
ish
uh i don't remember the exact way but
that is extremely muscular because keep
in mind that's when he was shredded very
very very low body fat percentage
meaning he had to obviously give up at
least one or two points of fmi right so
if you're able to get lean as [ __ ] and
still have a f amount of 24 to 25 you
are monstrously swole right and this is
also the average fmi for division one
college football players on average of
course right depending on the position
it changes so if you can hit this level
here of muscularity yeah yeah no one has
to ask you if you lift next
if you're between 25 to 26 right now
we're talking
next level type [ __ ] right john green
mctap [ __ ] that means you could have won
mr america back in the 1940s and 1950s
right and that's also the ffmi of
running backs you guys know i'm going to
make a whole separate video on that
running backs is the most muscular
position in the nfl people thinks the
offensive lineman no they also have a
lot of body fat when you look at pure
muscle with as little body fat as
possible it's the running backs right
it's not even close and studies come
from this as well so 25 to 26 yeah you
could play running back in college
football division one you are swollen
[ __ ] and again you just swole as the
average mr america winner
back in a drug-free era so for you guys
who think by the way when i made a poll
uh earlier a lot of guys were like hey
i'm 25 to 26 i'm like really [ __ ] right
you're more sore than chris jones you're
more so than you know a [ __ ] college
football running back you're more sore
than john grimmick stop the cap right
you guys underestimate your body fat
percentage which is why your reading
comes out this high next also that's the
category where russell or he i can't
pronounce the [ __ ] last name but
where russell lies right and you guys
watch my video russell this guy's a
genetic specimen so if you think you 25
to 26 go watch that video and see if you
even come close to that level of
muscularity this guy's legs look like
tree trunks next if you have 26 to 27
right then you are the elite among the
mr america winners again of the 40s to
50s right so among all of the winners if
you look at the elite the top percentile
right the top third bracket so we
talking on the level of roy that's where
this category points to right very very
muscular right and also that's the
effort from eye of a lot of offensive
lineman defensive linemen who are
extremely muscular at the top of the
sport right now your average offensive
line man not your average defensive line
man no like the guy's at the top of the
sport so this is unreal level of
muscularity right that's also around
bell pearl status next if your ffmi is
between 27 or 28 you're in the 100th
percentile of the mr america winner so
we talking you look just like jack right
one of the most muscular guys of his era
as far as football goes you're in the
nfl right if you 24 to 28 you have
enough muscle to play an address
individual on football but to play in
the nfl at the top of your game as a
running back line man you name it right
these are the genetic elites and no
that's not the natty limit right some
guys can hit 27 to 28 naturally it's
just a very very very [ __ ] rare right
because guys were hitting 27 to 28 back
in the 40s and 50s right before stars
were really popular right and they were
not even an accurate representation of
uh maximum human potential at the time
so so it's possible to hit 27 28 but boy
you better have some great genetics and
you're gonna have to train for years
right bodybuilding was gonna have to
literally be your life next
if you think your ffmi is 28 to 30 you
in all no territory that's literally the
fat free mass index of arnold at its
peak right so i don't want to see none
of your [ __ ] in the comment
section talking about oh my friend is 28
no it's not [ __ ] it's not right
unless you are no status at its peak you
are not between 28 and 30. right anna
was only about 28 on average next if
you're between 30 to 35 now we're
talking lee haney kevin livoni territory
obviously lehenia is on the low side
kevin owens on the high side right so
this is
ifbb professional you are bigger than
arnold more muscular than arnold at its
peak even at five percent body fat right
so none i repeat none of your
[ __ ] are between 30 to 35 so
stop the cap stop it please stop it i
can't stand every time i do a poll and i
see a lot of you lying [ __ ]
claiming to be 30 to 35. and i'm damn
sure kevin levrone and lee haney are not
watching my videos right so why are you
guys voting oh common inc that your fmi
is this high
you cannot hate this level of
muscularity
unless you're on every drug under the
sun remember guys all know to hit 28 and
he was on dynaball he was on primo
bowling and obviously he was on
testosterone in addition to having
amazing genetics so 30 to 35 that's
insanely i felt in fact phil heath was
around 35 35 to 36 last but not least if
your ffmi is between 35 to 40 harambee
be praised you are a mass monster that's
where the mass muscles are these are
0.0001 percent of the population that's
the ronnie coleman's that's the dorian
yeast that's the big grammy rolly
winkler right in fact the highest ffmi
out of
every single bodybuilder who stepped on
the olympic stage belongs to rolly
winkler right he has f amount of like 44
or some [ __ ]
muscular as [ __ ] right during ace is
around
the lower end of this range whenever you
see ronnie coleman big rammy around the
high range right so that's the official
fat free mass index guide
see where you lie if your goal is to
maximize muscle growth i would say try
your best to be as close to 24 to 25 as
possible depending on how good your
genetics if your genetics are [ __ ]
amazing you know let's say you started
off already
at 22 to 23 then obviously you know you
want to shoot for at least two levels
but i would say the average person you
should try within your first year or so
to at least move up two categories if
you started up here try to end up here
if you started here try to end up here
right and obviously if you started i
don't think anybody starts here but if
you did start here try to end here right
so depending on where you started try to
add try to step up at least two levels
right anyway guys i'm gonna make a lot
more videos on fat free master index
because there's so much confusion about
it and such a simple concept if you have
any questions about it comment below you
want me to make careless about it
comment below and again don't forget to
join already alright i'm out of here all
right guys don't forget to like or share
the video subscribe and hit the bell and
buy my hsb nucleus of a little training
program it's the ultimate program for
maximum muscle growth it includes full
body workout splits bro splits pull
home workouts you name it also comes
with a complete guide for macros
nutrition fat loss muscle growth
hormones
including a meal plan it's pretty much
all my 16 years of experience
condensed into one
[ __ ] book you're also going to get
free copies of any future edition so
visit team3d alpha.com and you can use
the 40 off coupon code nucleus overload
or you could just buy this [ __ ] at full
price all right guys i'm outta here
