this is Matt he didn't we would put him
a camera but I love this this what you
called determination as you all know
mastery like 400 500 carbs a day right
Plus this protein and as hard as it is
he's still doing it inspiring me because
he's dying literally like not only he
okay he's complaining usually I don't
have a complaint but at least he's doing
he's complaining but he's eating evilly
oh this is too much and I know what it's
like is it's so hard when you a normal
guy and you have to go for him eating
like a tea cups today to like 500
obviously he has to work his way up so I
told you guys eating is harder than
working out I don't mind going to the
gym that's why everybody's in the gym
but not everybody looks the same it's
consuming the calories it's funny when I
start sweating Muhammad at first he
worked in a gym he was skinning in
everybody else now he's bigger than like
80% of people in the gym right and the
people that wandering they would ask him
hey mo how come like you know we've been
here before you we've been training
longer than you would live heavier than
you but why did you get big so quick the
first advice I gave mo because I learned
that the hallway was your nutrition you
in the gym out of a week three percent
of three percent of the time you in the
gym the other 97% you out of the gym and
that's where everything counts that's
what you got to eat your meals get your
sleep so I told him at a mobile to go to
the gym that 45 minutes we're gonna go
hard when I go to failure but that's
that's the beginning the tip of the
iceberg the real work happens when you
get home and I love matters more than me
so because look he's forcing himself to
eat that bowl of rice think about it
even bodybuilders would even unnatural
body Buddha on steroids that struggle to
eat that tell you the hardest part is
eating how much more US natural
bodybuilders we gotta eat guys like big
last one I want to get my bachelor I
want to get my chest I want to get this
up and it what do I do in the gym what's
what I do in the gym it's not what
you're doing a gym that's only like 10%
the rest is nutrition guys your honor
you have to chill you have to cheer your
come on
oh by the way understanding his macros
god it's his first it's personal you
know counting macros yes other kind of
America's it was hard but but he's so
frustrating is America's again I know
it's a pain in the ass but once like
it's just pushing a car the beginning is
hard but one should get the car moving
boom momentum momentum alright guys let
that inspire you it Matt I like what you
said earlier you see you tired of being
what he said he's tired of being skinny
biz meaning number one he recognized the
weakness and he just stopped that most
people recognize their weaknesses and
they just stop they go oh I'm skinny and
I said he recognizes it and he's vowed
to annihilate his weakness I love that
Matt be an expression everybody else all
right let's get it
oh by the way guys he's almost done I
gotta get this on camera
come on man you could do it you can do
it Mac good more I'm gonna don't do what
right now man you have to chew yeah -
Cheers
I told you look out dog my shitty
YouTube accurate 3000 calories the other
day man more than I ever have eaten ever
maybe not a lot for you guys but tell me
how much you weight hundred twenty
pounds yeah by the way Maddie's at
Hunsford 20 pounds [ __ ] pathetic I'm
saying but he's strong for size I'm I'm
gonna upload know he's gonna upload his
own workout video in a few days you'd be
amazed at how much he could live for a
hundred and twenty pounds that's crazy
weight and he has a fast metabolism so
you won't have to worry about putting on
YouTube all right who's the last one go
oh by the way guys this is another
inside I forgot to tell y'all when X it
when it will be when they OD never they
don't want a chair wait hold on when
they don't wanna chill you know what I
do this is the worst punishment for
anyone
[Music]
I'm a very merciful guy but when they
cross the line I got a punish I got a
hand down at all you OD okay you don't
want a chair all right sorry sorry
