yo
is one of the number one predictors of
how much muscle you can put on
hey what's going on megan here all right
what are the best predictors uh how much
muscle you can build that's one of the
most popular questions i get is megan
what is my genetic potential for
building muscle keep in mind this is for
building muscle
nothing else last time we did a video
looking at the anthropometric measures
you guys know what came out on top this
time we're just going to look at 10
factors that are most commonly used to
try to predict somebody's
muscle building potential right and
these are things that you could do at
home this is not going to cost you any
money no need to buy genetic tests none
of that right things that you could do
yourself we're going to use the standard
tail list for this channel from i'm
about to not which is best of the best
all the way down to pure garbage and the
things we're going to look at are your
appetite uh your bare genetics facial
air genetics your frame right muscle to
bone ratio bone muscle ratio your immune
system your ability to get a pump
that's going to shock a lot of people uh
your race or ethnic group your athletic
background you know how good you are
sports your ffmi
your starting strength meaning what your
strength levels were when you first
started working out
and obviously i'm gonna i'm gonna keep
this one for last that is how much
muscle you were able to put on uh on a
serious program during the first four to
six months of training all right let's
get started so once again if person
loses one of these things how predictive
it is of their muscle building potential
uh your athletic status or your athletic
background right that's actually [ __ ]
amazing
right so how good you are sports you
don't have to be a champion or a team
leader but how could you wear sports
before you started bodybuilding right
that's a very good predictor you but
your muscle building potential a lot of
people think that the two things are not
related they are very correlated right
if you were good and it doesn't matter
what the sport is as long as it was
obviously an explosive sport or a sport
that requires physical exhaustion so it
could be running it could be sprinting
um it could even be endurance running
right so running sprinting jumping uh
soccer basketball it doesn't matter uh
if you are good at a sport as a teenager
as a kid chances are you're going to be
very good at building muscle and
obviously i can make a whole video
explaining why but it's mainly because
of genetic interplays and overlaps
between explosiveness and muscle
building that's why believe it or not
look at the most genetically gifted
bodybuilders or
just the average joe the guys were able
to put on muscle fast so enough you find
out they were very good at some sport
you know it could be could be any sport
like i said as long as obviously long as
it's obviously a difficult sport now
obviously if you didn't play sports as a
kid or as a teenager that doesn't mean
that uh you know you don't have good
genetics for building muscle
right because you're never exposed to
environment so just skip that one all
right next your starting strength right
well your strength level was uh the
first time you started working out i
want to put that okay believe it or not
a lot of people think that this is hard
it's not it's not a good predictor of
your muscle building potential because
many many many factors influence your
strength you watch my video on stronger
it's not bigger i have so many rants
about that but
if you look at the literature you look
at the anecdotes your strength is not a
predictable hijack you can get or how
drag you even are obviously there's some
correlations but it's very very low
compared to the other factors right and
again i don't want to go into details
the video is going to be too long but
your strength is influenced or can be
influenced by things that have nothing
to do with muscle growth
right your body fat obviously that's
going to affect your range of motion so
you're going to think you're strong when
you're really not your baseline hormone
levels your anatomy right your height
your leverage is going to make you
stronger weaker at certain lifts based
on your anatomy
your tendon stiffness your
uh your neural firing rate there are so
many things that can make you stronger
without
uh having anything to do with muscle but
anyway so if you start off lifting the
reason why it's not lower is because
don't get me wrong if if you're strong
from the beginning then the savage
ishana you'll be able to recruit your
high threshold motor units which
obviously can
give you a boost in hypertrophy but
again it's not a sole product it's not a
good predictor all right next um your
anatomy right to be specific your bone
to muscle ratio [ __ ] amazing right
obviously on average people that have
heavier bones and not just in terms of
bone density but just total bone mass on
average that typically can carry a lot
more muscle just common sense i don't
have to i don't even have to go into the
science or explain that one right that's
all we can look at in the end of those
and just by just by looking at the bones
we can tell that they carried so much
muscle compared to humans right the
bigger you are the bigger your frame the
more muscle you can pack on top of that
so that's a very good predictor not in
i'm about to nut category but all right
then okay next
your facial hair genetics i want to put
that okay and i'm gonna explain why it's
not lower or higher the reason why it's
not lower is because again if you're
really good at growing a beard really
good at growing frustrated it's just a
good sign of uh
your sensitivity to androgens right so
obviously you got to be sensitive to
gestalt so notice i say sensitivity
right because you could have low
testosterone levels and still have
very very sensitive androgen receptors
oh you could have low testosterone that
was to have many uh more energy and
researchers than the average person in
that case you're gonna be most sensitive
to androgen so it's not always about
total testosterone i say this every time
but if i don't mention that it's gonna
people gonna try to show up maybe but
looks like short if you have really
really good bare genetics at first air
genetics chances are you're going to be
good at building muscle mainly because
the androgen receptor is number one
apart from myostatin of course when it
comes to building muscle and again watch
my video on that now the reason it's not
higher is because again you know like
it's not the sole predictor right for
example maybe you just grow a facial
hair because you have a lot of you have
some genetic polymorphisms that make it
so your body over produces five hours
for reductase right so you just probably
have higher dht levels doesn't
necessarily mean it's going to translate
to more muscle mass right many other
things influence uh
your bare genetics other than just
testosterone and the energy receptor
right so that's why it's not hard next
your race or your ethnicity i'm gonna
put that bad if i was gonna put that
pure garbage i'm gonna put that bad a
lot of you guys always skip the
disclaimer every time i make a video
about genetics and race and stuff like
that you cannot assume that you're gonna
be good or bad at building muscle just
because you're black white or asian
that's not how it works guys right when
i say west africans or or samoans or
this and that are good at this about it
it's on average when i always add that
[ __ ] word and you guys always skip it
it simply means
the average or in some cases the
frequency is higher right so phenotype
xyz might occur in a higher frequency in
ethnicity a that doesn't mean that
everyone in that ethnic group is going
to have that phenotype right i have so
many people asking me hey megan i'm i'm
black does that mean i'm going to build
muscle fast oh megan i'm south asian
does that mean i'm gonna not build
myself what the [ __ ] like do you guys
not watch the whole videos you cannot
predict your muscle building potential
just by your race alone because even
within races there's huge diversity and
huge variations right just cause you
samoan doesn't mean you're gonna be five
foot ten in the [ __ ] tank right it
just means that within that population
the frequency of that phenotype is
higher right two completely different
statements so stop trying to predict
your muscle building again i'm west
african you guys saw my genetics trash
so stop thinking because you're from one
ethnic group
boom your fate is shield that's [ __ ]
and if you watch my entire videos you
should know that but anyway next your
ability to get a pump believe it or not
the ability to get a maximum pump
[ __ ] amazing and i made several
videos about that guys you don't want to
look at the research watch the videos
you want to watch the videos look at the
research this is not a theory this is
not bro science this is facts your
ability to get a maximum pump i'm not
talking about just a oh look there's a
little blood in my muscles no that's not
a bum that's that's a [ __ ] pump right
the maximum pump skin stretching pump
that's what i'm referring to every time
i said a pump guys the ability to get
that was obviously influenced by genes i
made videos explaining the
circulatory pathways and things like
that and the the enzymes and proteins
that evolve that has a big impact so
they predict how much muscle you can
build
long term and of course you guess
there's some studies that confirm that
as well right it's responsible for as
low as 20 to as high as 34 of the
variance which in muscle building in
hypertrophy that is huge
35 of the variance that is massive so
you could take 10 people or a group of
people put them in the gym have them
work out for the first time and you can
measure
their pump you can literally measure the
swelling and the muscle thickness after
that workout and that is a huge
predictor of how much muscle they can
build
so every time i tell you guys for the
last 10 years that the pump is so
crucial and that the bros had it right
you thought i was full of [ __ ] but
anyway don't get me started i don't make
i don't want to make this video about
the pump so that is a great predictor
how much muscle you could build now keep
in mind the reason it's not higher is
because there are many reasons that that
affect your ability to get a pump right
for example if you're dehydrated you're
gonna get a good pump
if you have a shitty ace genetic profile
well it's gonna be hard to get a pump
all right if your rod system is [ __ ]
up if your
capillary system is [ __ ] up if you
don't have enough complex carbs in your
blood many many many things influence
the pump so that's why it's not a uh
it's not high on this list next you're
starting ffmi watch the video on ffmi
obviously that's going to be very
[ __ ] hot on this list it's [ __ ]
amazing that i'm about to another
category and i'm going to spend a lot
the reason it's not lowers because if
you're starting ffmi assuming you
calculate it correctly right don't
underestimate your body fat like 99 of
people do it's a good predictor right
because if you first start working out
for the first time ever zero training
and your fmi is [ __ ] 22 or some [ __ ]
yeah that that that's a good predict how
much muscle you could build right
because it's a good predictor how much
muscle you currently have and if you
have an fm out of 22 or even god forbid
23 which i've never heard of but let's
say you have an f mile 23 the first time
you step into the gym then [ __ ]
you have a milestone deficiency
all your mother fed you train when
you're a baby right most people are
going to be between 19 and 21 so if
you're starting amputmen is very high so
21 22 assuming you got the body fat
correct then that's a good predictor
because most people are able to add two
to three points today to the starting
information some people can add four
obviously and obviously with the eight
of peds you can go a lot higher but keep
in mind just because you're starting fmi
is low that does not mean you have bad
genetics right because remember there
are two types of genetic freaks there
are baseline genetic freaks and there's
obviously trainability genetic freaks
right baseline that means they just
freaks from the beginning without any
training and then the trainability
freaks those are the people who look
like [ __ ] in the beginning they're slow
depending on what sport or whatever
you're measuring uh they're normal at
baseline but the moment it starts
training they respond extremely fast so
those are the two types of genetic
freaks right i'm gonna make a whole
video about that because people get
confused they think oh well this person
looks like [ __ ] so he must have [ __ ]
genetics no he might have trainability
genetics
right same thing with speed
there are people who
before you even teach them how to run
they run extremely fast right really
good sprinters from the beginning there
are others who are very slow in the
beginning but as you train them they
adapt so much faster and that's what
this has to do with ffmi right you might
be somebody with a low fmi in the
beginning but maybe you have
trainability genetics where you're able
to increase it tremendously or you might
just be a freak that starts off with a
high amount and therefore is able to add
you know to go into the 25 26 range all
right next your immune system is goaded
i'm about to nut category one of the
most underrated if not the most
underrated aspect of training is the
immune system and i mentioned that in
several videos but
i might have to make a dedicated video
for the immune system guys the first
line of defense when it comes to
recovery from the gym recovery from
training recovery from
anaerobic activity you name it is your
immune system if you have a shitty
immune system
good luck to your genetic potential
for bodybuilding
it is the first line of defense
satellite cell activation your
macrophages oh everything revolves
around your immune system
that's why most people that are
extremely jacked have a very good immune
system and it's not a call issue doesn't
mean because there's no it is causation
again i'm gonna make a dedicated video
on this because jesus christ so many
people do not understand the importance
of the immune system when it comes to
adaptation of training it's not optional
it's mandatory not to mention that
recovery is the most important part of
training anyway so if you can't recover
from a workout good luck on putting on
games right your weekly volume is going
to be trash your weekly or your training
frequency is going to be trash and
obviously your ability to progressively
overload is going to be trash
next your appetite i'm about to not
category i could go on and on about this
but
your appetite is one of the number one
predictors of how much muscle you can
put on regardless of everything else
below this list
right
guys building muscle is such an
expensive process as far as calories go
you need to have a good appetite i have
not met to this day a jack person that
doesn't eat like a [ __ ] well right
and the funny thing is they don't even
know they have a big appetite i think
that's how the average person is wrong
most people
quit
sometimes i have clients and i show them
the macros that i have to eat to just
put on muscle i'm not talking about
dirty bulking and getting fat no just
put on muscle and they can't and it
could be due to many things some people
have genetic polymorphisms or leptin
receptors some on a ghrelin activity but
not everybody can eat the amount of food
it takes to both fuel workouts and
recover from workouts and in fact i'm
one of them
the og subscribers remember oh god i had
to take liquid meals i had to drink in
sugar which is for cancer patients it's
literally like liquid sugar and fat
man it was so hard for me
to go from 160 to even 170. meanwhile my
jack friends dude they were eating like
crazy and they were complaining that oh
my god man i can't believe i have to
stop eating now because i already hate
my macros meanwhile i'm over here like
[ __ ] man i'm still trying to finish
breakfast and it's [ __ ] 5 p.m
right so if you if you don't have a good
appetite it's going to be a long journey
for you you can take all the steroids in
the world you could take you could do
all the training programs in the world
if you cannot get your calories in your
protein your carbs your healthy fats and
your market interest of course good luck
good luck in fact most small people who
say i'm a hard gainer no i look at their
meal plan and they're eating like
[ __ ] birds all right but anyway next
last but not least
the amount of progress you make in the
gym as far as muscle growth goes
in the first four to six months of
training is the single
right apart from your immune system
that's the single
best predictor people hate to hear that
but it's facts you want to know how good
your muscle building potential is train
for four to six months there you have it
right obviously a good training program
good nutrition because a lot of people
either have [ __ ] nutrition and a good
training program which obviously is not
going to lead you anywhere or to have
great nutrition but a [ __ ] training
program right so
four to six months on a good program and
good nutrition i don't care what program
it is as long as it checks all the all
the boxes right
in four to six months you will know if
you're a hyper responder to training
right and sure enough the studies are
clear on this in fact in some studies as
early as eight weeks as early as two
months
you can see who the hyper responders are
but to be safe i'll push it up to four
to six months keep in mind that's
consistent training with a nice diet and
a nice caloric surplus that's all you
need to know if you have elite genetics
for building muscle right which is why i
hate that question so much when people
just say oh do you think i have good
muscle building jeans i'm like [ __ ]
trained trained for photos six months
you'll see some people saying
do you think i have too nice to be on a
leash printer all right practice
planning for a few months and let's see
how fast you make progress because at
the end of the day
it's never one genetic factor that's
responsible for 100 of the variance
right it's always many genes working
together so just because you have a bad
version of a certain polymorphism or you
have a good version of
of a certain gene that does not mean
you're going to be a genetic freak or
you know or have [ __ ] genetics right
there's so many genes that are involved
and you will never fully know
unless you train in fact you could even
have the good genes for something right
so let's say you have good genes for the
algebra 1 receptor but you might have a
shitty energy and receptor which negates
everything because now you're good at
translating genes but you're bad at
transcribing genes which is obviously
step one and muscle growth but anyway
when i go into the science that's it
guys these are the top predictors of how
much muscle you can put on number one
being [ __ ] just strain for four to six
months on a good program with a good
diet and you see for yourself save your
money
anyway guys join the reddit and see you
in the comment section all right guys
don't forget to like or share the video
subscribe and hit the bell and buy my
hsp nucleus of a little training program
it's the ultimate program for maximum
muscle growth it includes full body
workout splits bro splits push-pull home
workouts you name it also comes with a
complete guide for macros nutrition fat
loss muscle growth hormones
including a meal plan it's pretty much
all my 16 years of experience
condensed into one [ __ ] book you're
also going to get free copies of any
future edition so visit team3d alpha.com
and you can use the 40 off coupon code
nucleus overload or you could just buy
this [ __ ] at full price all right guys
i'm out of here
