hey guys what's going on Megan here
after substantial research me and hanza
and I I say it took about two weeks we
finally discovered you know all the
foods that will help us maximize the
testosterone levels it's funny what
really scared us is when we read an
article somewhere I don't if it was a
video article documentary that shows
that the average testosterone level for
the average male now is between 800 to
no no no sorry between 200 to 800 which
is ridiculously which is awful compared
to back in the days uh s to say used to
be anywhere from 800 to 2,000 right see
that as like the [ __ ] San power
levels right and now the average even
for young males in their 20s is so low
like around 400 that's opposed to like
in the thousands so that's when we
decided to say you know what [ __ ] this
dirty bug you know we we we got our
strength up uh but then the fat caught
up with us and you know the fatter you
are the harder it is to put on muscle
because the testosterone levels going
down and stuff like that so we decided
to go back you know and fix everything
up so I'm now I'm on week six of my diet
right hanza is in I think week two or
week one I don't know he started like
after me so anyway so we did we spent
two weeks researching from scratch right
when you researching you always want to
start from scratch you want to know the
past a little bit but you want to start
off from scratch pretend like you don't
know anything right and read as many I
repeat as many sources as possible you
don't just want to look at one source
and do your research no many sources as
possible and stay away from bodybuilding
sources as much as you can you still
want to look at them obviously but
there's a lot of marketing that takes
place to that there's marketing all over
the world to be honest in every industry
but by the way you're going to have a
lot of uh subjective info so we looked
at cancer research you know cuz you know
you know that you increase your
testosterone you have to lower your
estrogen and the Departments that Focus
the most on estrogen reduction is cancer
institutes right breast cancer things
like that cuz they're not just trying to
make money they're trying to actually
some people trying to save lives you
know so you're more likely to find
transformation there so anyway so I made
a video already make sure you look at it
the the way to uh lower your estrogen uh
by looking at every Source possible
Right Through Foods mainly through Foods
training Tak a training takes a big part
but it's mainly through Foods what you
eat plays a big part in low on estrogen
and I give you guys the four ways right
number one I said you want to stop stop
block destroy remove number one you want
to stop Aroma tast because without Aroma
tast there's no estrogen number two you
want to block the estrogen receptors
number three if you block The receptors
estrogen can do it job on the human body
number three you want to remove estrogen
now that it's floating around with
nowhere to go you want to turn it into a
different compound that your body you
know can excrete and last but not least
you want to remove it you want to get it
out through your um through your ass you
want to you want your liver to detox it
so anyway this is going to be part one
on just Aroma taste right I'm going to
make part two part three and part four
later on I got to make sure the video is
not too long this is only on Aroma taste
watch the other video for um the bake
picture it's pretty long so no one what
does arom taste right make a long story
short it's an enzyme anything anything
that ends in AIDS is an enzyme right I'm
mat at school and I'm studying a lot of
biochemistry and I'm learning more and
more about the human body how we just
lift waste every day and eat food to get
baked but we really don't know what's
happening in our bodies and it's
exciting when you finally see what's
happening the mechanisms so romaas is an
enzyme that takes you testas when it
turns into estrogen right in males also
in females so obviously you guys know
the production of testosterone first
let's say you do something you you do a
heavy set of squats you do anything that
raises testosterone what really happens
that's not just pop out of nowhere your
brain releases your hypothalamus
releases G releasing hormone that goes
to your petuary gland which releases
lutenizing hormone and FSH lutenizing
hormone goes to your testes your balls
and releases uh I mean makes your L
cells in your BS to produce testosterone
from cholesterol right so then your body
takes cholesterol turns it into pralon
or some [ __ ] DHEA and then boom testost
one comes out right once testost one
comes out it can go to the cells make
you brawl do all these things make you
more of a male you know and it can also
turn into two things one is DHT right
which is diydrone which is more powerful
than testosterone in so many ways
probably five times more powerful some
people say five to 10 times and the
other way can go it can turn is into
estrogen and that's where aromatase
comes in aromatase is the [ __ ]
that turns your hard earn testosterone
into estrogen you don't want that once
again I explain why because estrogen not
only makes you look more like a woman it
it it brings down down your sex drive
you're going to have a whole bunch of
issues right low sex drive low energy
mood swings estrogen also increases sex
hormone bodying globulin which binds to
your testosterone and makes it inactive
you don't want that estrogen also goes
back to your brain if you have too much
estrogen and tells you're going to St
making hormones which is bad because you
want more testosterone now you know so
EST does a lot of bad things plus
estrogen makes your body gain more fat
and the more fat you have the more raw
materials you have the more raw
materials you have the more estrogen you
have it's infite cycle it's really
really ugly that's why fat people find
it very hard to lose weight even when
they cut their calories they lose weight
at first then they plat to right you
don't want to cut your cies your whole
[ __ ] life you want to enjoy life and
eat the food that you want so what you
want to do is control your hormones if
you stop aromage you can stop estrogen
and in case of women with breast cancers
you could lower your chances of having
breast cancer so stop in the roati
number one you want to lose belly fat
before I even show you guys this L you
want to lose belly fat belly fat has so
much aratis in fact people that go
through surgery I don't know how you
call that surgery surgery that removes
your your fat just you know Boom the
easy way out right after that surgery
they have a decline in estrogen levels
and it decline in romage levels and the
tea levels go up that shows you you want
to remove belly fat not just belly fat
but you guys I said belly fat because
males we really have most of our fat in
our stomachs but you just want to lose
weight um when you lose weight remember
fat is a factory for a ROM taste right
so let's say that's out the way let's
say you cutting or you leaning out uh
here the the natural way way to inhibit
rtist to Foods number one zinc right you
want to eat a lot of oysters once again
I just put oysters as an example you
don't have to eat these Foods these are
just the common foods that are easy to
find right so foods that are high in
zinc zinc and hipos Aroma taste so you
have
Oysters right you have Oysters you have
uh shitload of food of it's so easy to
get zinc guys or if you want take a zinc
supplement like zma number two you want
to get olive oil olive oil has melatonin
which helps in HIIT aromatase once again
you don't have to eat olive oil alone
you can look for foods that are high in
malonian all these things I put in
parenthesis here I put it there for you
guys to Google top 10 foods highest in
zinc pick the one that's easier for you
or cheaper for you and then purchase it
right so I'm putting in parentheses to
help you guys pick your own your own
source so olive oil because of the
Melatonin cabbage because of coratin
right you you could Google top 10 FS
high and cres I'm going to put all that
in the description or in the comment
section cabbage oranges right or just
not just oranges citrus fruits right
lemons things like that grapefruit if
you like that nasty [ __ ] uh because it
has naron red wine red grapes obviously
it's really the skin of the red grapes
that has it it's res veratrol which is a
very powerful Aroma inhibitor you want
to eat a lot of nuts especially walnuts
cuz it has selenium and peppers bell
peppers Chili Peppers whatever because
they're very high in vitamin C so go
online Google those things Google those
categories if you if you fine with those
foods you can eat them if not look at
this in the comment section Google top
10 foods high and blame bling blank and
then make your own grocery lace right
remember the secret to any diet is you
want to eat foods that you actually like
you don't want to eat foods that taste
like [ __ ] just because they work right
find a way to make your diet last as
long as possible so it becomes a
lifestyle and not a diet you get what I
mean so hope this video helps guys stop
Aroma taste that that I said that stop
aromae that in it tracks that will
prevent your body from turning your
precious tea into estrogen and in fact
if you look at a lot of estrogen
blockers they have a lot of these
ingredients in it it's another thing
that I do guys I look at the stuff that
these bodybuilders take right and I just
go look at the ingredients and the
active ingredients then I look for where
I could find those ingredients in nature
pretty smart right you don't want to
spend your money on these pharmaceutical
products right you don't want to spend
your money on these drugs find out what
the active ingredient is and see if you
could imitate that in nature and you
have CL to the same result not the same
but pretty close anyway hope this video
helps Megan shlock Soul I'm
out then this was me at
162 well at the end of my last cut look
at me trying to look go sexy guys look
at this no not looking bad not looking
bad this is me when I discovered carback
loading saved my [ __ ] life look at
this I put on size I was at 175 here put
on sides and maintain my sixpack
