hey guys what's going on Megan here all
right the top 30 cheapest food sources
to increase testosterone and muscle mass
while on a budget and so if you're a
college student or you broke or you you
on a strict budget this is the perfect
list for you um and I'm going to rank
them using common sense right best
return on investment so not just
nutrient density but price relative to
nutrient density so something is very
nutrient dense but it's too expensive
it's going to go lower on this list
whereas if something has a lot of
nutrients and it's cheap that's going to
go at the top of your grocery list all
right all right so let's get started I'm
going to pick up my random as usual um
let's see Lucky Charms and I'm using
this as a placeholder for all the
different cereals out there that are
full of sugar bro what are you doing
right this doesn't even make it on this
uh on this list right you guys do not
need any scientific explanations in
addition to what I already gave you guys
as to why you should avoid uh high sugar
foods now again if you're doing carb
loading it's a whole different story but
I'm making this video assuming that
you're the average guy you following a
normal diet uh next we have corn Believe
It or Not guys corn is underrated right
but I'm going to put it at okay right it
has nutrients people think corn has no
nutrients it has nutrients and it's
affordable I'm not going to put it in
Great R returnal investment because the
nutrient density is not as high as some
of the other items on this list
next we have bread so that's all types
of bread right sliced bread french bread
whatever uh obviously it depends on the
type of bread right whole grain Brad is
going to rank higher than um uh white
bread but I'm going to put Brad at based
on again it depends on the price right
it depends on the type of bread if
you're getting Ezekiel Brad yeah then
it's mad [ __ ] expensive but I'm going
to put Brad at let's see bro college
student uh bro guy in general I'm going
to put at low return on investment you
know there's a lot um press the bread is
going up as well and they are better
sources uh next you have the [ __ ] is
this oh yeah I remember now dextrol so
that's those Mass gainers that are just
pretty much sugar very low return on
investment what are you doing you know
you guys are paying crazy inflated
prices for literally sugar you know so
I'm going to put that down here if
you're on the budget and you're looking
for car sources to maximize muscle
growth and testosterone I would not put
Dex at the top of the list next we have
fruits so I put fruits all in one
category because I'm going to make a
separate video ranking just fruits cuz
obviously the list would be way too long
if I include all the fruits so fruits as
a whole I'm going to put it at Max
return on investment you cannot go wrong
with fruits you cannot go wrong with
fruits don't listen to the guys telling
you guys to be afraid of fruit those are
fruits because they have XYZ nonsense if
you look at every human randomized
control trial and the manases that out
there people that eat a lot of fruits
tend to be healthier tend to have better
performance they're full of antioxidants
in fact again I'm going to go over the
details in the FR video but if you watch
my videos you should know by now you
cannot go wrong with f especially
antioxidant RIS Foods all right next you
have honey oh this one's going to hurt
my soul because honey is full of
Benefits full of antioxidants but the
price brings it down if it wasn't for
Price honey it would be at the very top
but because of the price if you um guy
on the budget I'm gonna put at low
return on investment honey is super
expensive if you can afford it great
great um I I put honey on almost
everything uh but if you're on a budget
I would not recommend honey on your
grocery list the amount of money you're
going to spend buying just a tub of
Honey um you you could buy so many other
things with that you could buy a ton of
fruits with that same amount of money uh
next you have uh Pasta Pasta gets a lot
of hate pasta gets a lot of hate but
it's welld deserved Li as well deserved
it's not very high in nutrients so I'm
going to put low return on investment
guys again the it's affordable but it's
affordable for a reason right not very
high in nutrient density next we have
nuts again nuts I put all of the nuts in
the same
category because there's too many
walnuts uh pistachos cashews peanuts
again a whole video is going to be
dedicated to ranking all the different
nuts no Dy so I'm going to put nuts at
um
H again very nutrient-dense again don't
listen to the people telling you about
phytic acid and all that stuff they're
blowing it way out of proportion and
it's not how you analyze Foods you don't
just pick uh uh you know you don't look
at just mechanisms you look at outcomes
you don't just say oh look this food has
this therefore it's bad no you look at
what happens when people actually eat
those foods and when people eat nuts
pause they tend to live longer and be
healthier so don't be afraid of nuts um
but I'm going to put ah let's
see uh man growing up in New York it's
so hard to S nuts without without
feeling the type of way but I'm going to
put nuts
uh this is tough this is not because the
nutrient density is so high but they're
so
expensive uh I'm going to put nut at
okay I'm going to put nut at okay this
is a tough one I wanted to put that low
return on investment mainly because of
the price but man the nutrient density
and nuts is it's it's unmatch so I'm
going to put it at okay right you could
you know just try to buy ones that are
relative Ely affordable based on your on
your budget all right next we have uh
pancakes right pancake flour all that
stuff very low return on investment
great source of carbs if you just want
carbs but as far as nutrients you know
uh yeah very low returnal investment
next we have oats believe it or not I'm
going to put oats at okay you know oats
are fine you know people demonize oats
again there's a reason why athletes eat
a lot of Oats oats have a lot of
nutrients yes they have ftic acid but
like I said earlier that's not how you
analyze Foods um great salce of
magnesium and a bunch of other
antioxidant compounds but I'm going to
put out okay because some of these
prices lately have been outrageous uh
next we have uh couscous it's crazy how
a lot of you guys from the West have not
eaten couscous my brothers from Africa
and other parts of the world you guys
especially my AAP brothers and all you
guys know what I'm talking about
couscous is the [ __ ] but as far as
nutrient density I'm going to put
couscous at low return on investment it
has some nutrients don't give me wrong
but it's not they're not high enough to
justify the price next we have pretzel
come on guys come on pretzel very low
ter investment needs no
explanation um next we have
quinoa ah you guys
know this thing would have been very
high on the list but God damn quinoa is
so expensive um and yes I'm going to say
quinoa from now on I I told you guys
about a year or two ago I'm going start
saying quoa which is how I used to call
it because people ended up buying
granola right so now I'm going to say
quinoa right the proper way anyway I'm
going to put quinoa at um this is tough
this is so tough because kinoa is so op
as a carb Source but the price knocks it
down to I'm going to put that okay and
no I'm not using buys I want to put at
okay I want to put at low return on
investment because it's so expensive but
the nutrient density and the egist
throne saves it so next we have beans
guys Believe It or Not Great return on
invest if you broke you cannot go wrong
with beans and once again I don't want
to hear nothing about ftic acid and all
that BS beans are great as a source of
fiber as a source of potassium magnesium
antioxidant compounds um and they're
very very affordable not to mention they
also have amino acids but again um this
video is not about protein so great
return investment for beans if you
broke next we have chips bro what are
you doing what are you doing come on
guys uh again next we have granola so
I'm going to put granola bars energy
bars I'm going to put them all in the
same category obviously there's is
Spectrum some are relatively healthier
than others but um as a whole I'm going
to put them at lower return on
investment a lot of them are just full
of added sugar uh that defeat the whole
purpose of eating a you know healthy bar
uh next you have rice brand guys guys
rice brand is so underrated I'm going to
put that at Great return on investment
it's not too expensive relative to what
you're getting a lot of you guys don't
eat enough magnesium magnesium is one of
the hardest minerals to get enough of if
you train and are active or if you have
ADHD don't even get me started um but
it's very hard to get enough
magnesium rice brand is a magnesium
Powerhouse I'm going to put that at
great returnal investment because you're
getting fiber and magnesium and a bunch
of other nutrients for that price same
thing for wheat brand again I don't
recommend any Brands right just buy
whatever brand
is uh you know matches your criteria but
wheat brand is also going to go in great
return on investment you I mean don't
get me wrong it tast like ass but high
fiber high magnesium you even getting
potassium you're getting betane you guys
watch my videos of post on betain great
uh test some boosting
nutrient I could go on and on on the
benefits of brain again that tastes bad
that's why a lot of people don't talk
about them and don't recommend them but
for nutrients and price you can wrong
with those two [ __ ] all right next
you have sugar bro what are you doing
what are you doing what are you doing
again unless you're doing carback
loading and uh you have great insulin
sensitivity what are you doing uh next
we have uh popcorn popcorn I'm going to
put popcorn at lower ret on investment
guys come on you should have seen this
coming if you're dieting don't get me
wrong popcorn is great it's going to
fill you up uh because it's very low
calorie as long as you're not getting
popcorn that's swimming in uh in butter
uh but as far as the nutrient density
it's not up
there next next let's see so guys come
on what are you doing what are you doing
right so that's the exception to the
bean R uh next you have sweet potatoes
oh my God oh my God great return on
investment sweet potatoes are so
underrated guys very nutrient dense
taste delicious even though that's not a
criteria for this list but they're also
very affordable you cannot go wrong with
sweet potatoes if you're on the budget
next you have uh yogurt yogurt with
added sugar right obviously that has
carbs I'm going to put that at low
return on investment not very low low
return on investment you are getting
some nutrients you're getting some
probiotics as long as you know it's not
pasturized or super processed um but I'm
not going to rank it higher you know uh
next you have the [ __ ] is this oh yeah
granola so the other one was granola bar
granola again low return on investment
you know no expendition needed
um next you have fruit juices great
return on investment again I was going
to put at Max but obviously there's no
fiber because it's just the juice uh
unless there's some pulp inside but it's
not the same so great return on
investment um but it's actually cheaper
to just buy fruits and make the juice
yourself right blend those holes next we
have white rice very low return on
investment and and so enough it's the
most recommended carb sace for
bodybuilders who on a ton of gear you
cannot copy the diets I make endless
videos about that you know you cannot
keep eating those low micronutrient
Foods because your body needs to produce
testosterone naturally they don't have
to worry about that they don't need to
worry about their maximizing every
freaking micronutrient Under the
Sun next we have uh sgum sgum very
underrated food I'm going to put it at
okay right because depending on your
region it could it could get a bit
pricey I'm going to put it at
okay um not as nutrient dense say kinoa
but it has some good properties and
obviously there's some evidence that it
could boost it could boost DHD I don't
aggressively promote it for that reason
simply because we need more data there's
only like one or two studies on it and
those are not conclusive um but so yeah
I'm going to put that okay for now next
you have
tortillas let's see I'm going to put
that
at ah I'm going to put at low ter
investment now if you're getting into
fiber tortilla then I'm going to put at
okay because that one is a game Cher
right he very easy to you could throw
anything in that [ __ ] you could throw
leftovers wrap it up boom right you have
it mail on the go um but as far as
nutrient density it's not high right
good in fiber high in fiber right but
I'm going to put that matter of
fact yeah I got to put a low ter
investment right I I can just put it at
the top because of fiber fiber is not
it's one of many nutrients that you need
to maximize testosterone and estrogen
metabolism and stuff like that uh next
you have have cookies and Candy bro what
are you doing what are you doing what
are you doing and last but not least we
have
potatoes guys great return on investment
you cannot go wrong with potatoes don't
forget to join the school Community
while it's still free cuz it won't be
free forever and don't forget to join
the private training group so you can
run the four-week training cycle with us
all right I'm out
