the famous monkey that was injected with
phyllostatin so this is the control
group and this is the leg gains of the
monkey that was injected with a
philosophical and he reached that size
in about 12 weeks so in only three
months this monkey got jacked out of his
 mind this is way more muscle
than we see when we inject animals with
ridiculous levels of testosterone once
again just to show you how powerful
phylostatin is and keep in mind the
monkeys were not exercised this was
straight injection of phyllostat no
training no steroids nothing the
timeline of gains from week zero all the
way to week 20 the blue line is the
control group obviously no gains so
let's focus on the red line as you can
see a 15 plus percent gain in muscle
growth in only 12 weeks so in 12 weeks
in three months this is how much muscle
that monkey was able to build without
training you can't even see these
results in that time span with deca
trend dynaball or any other steroids or
even peptides that are out there
