hey guys going on Megan here all right
how much beef liver do you eat per day
on average so that includes you know
just weekly average uh for maximum
testosterone production and let's see so
table of contents quickly we're going to
look at the results of the poll I'm
going to explain how much you need if
you need beef liver anyway and then
we'll look at the comments and answer
some frequently asked questions
um and all right so let's get straight
into it
first of all you do not need to eat beef
liver you do not need to eat any of the
foods that I recommend for maximum
muscle growth testosterone spray
whatever the reason I recommend them is
because if you don't eat them then you
have to supplement on a you have to take
a shitload of supplements just to cover
the deficiencies and even then you won't
be uh
um you won't get all the nutrients right
so the reason why those foods are
important so eggs red meat salmon
um you know milk and all these things
because they are so nutrient dense right
and in fact it's because as a population
because we've we've gone away from these
healthy nutrient dense foods that's why
we have the issues we have today with
testosterone dropping that's why we
people over supplement right it's
because we've gone away from the foods
that already have it all right so the
foods that I recommend the foods that
the studies back up right you don't have
I repeat you don't have to eat them it's
just if you don't eat them now you're
gonna have to waste your money on
supplements all right so when it comes
to liver
you should know this by now you know
it's nothing new liver is one of the
most nutrient dense foods on the planet
right in fact it's Nature's multivitamin
right
you're getting your B vitamins you're
getting cholesterol which is good by the
way you're getting vitamin A retinols
you're getting
um coenzyme Q10 you're getting alpha
lipoic acid you're getting uh copper
selenium you're getting so many
nutrients from just a small amount of
liver which is why I always recommend
even if you look at my meal plans over
the years uh I always recommend half an
ounce to announce a day right and this
is on average because you don't want to
you know you don't want to overdo it
right you don't want to eat too much
liver because once again inverted Yuka
right too low of anything is bad too
much of anything is bad right
too much liver in fact nutrients liver
is so nutrient dense that if you eat too
much liver you're gonna have too much
iron which is a pain to get rid of by
the way and it's gonna actually lower
your testosterone
um you're gonna have way too much
vitamin A
and obviously you might [ __ ] up your
zinc operations and stuff like that
right so
liver is that powerful that you only
need a small amount and to this day year
after year
um everybody in my house each liver you
know cut liver by the way no liver King
[ __ ] you know he he gave liver such
a bad [ __ ] name you know the moment
he came into the scene I was like oh God
I felt ashamed to even recommend liver
um when he came on the scene because I
was like God he [ __ ] blew it out of
proportion but yes you know liver is
amazing uh cultures have known this
since the beginning of time trying to
gather his notice when they kill an
animal you know
um they don't fight over but they really
choose against the organs the liver you
know because that's what a lot of the
nutrients are even if you look at the
human body your liver manufacturers most
of your
um powerful nutrients you know so
you don't need liver uh but if you do
not eat liver you're gonna have to
supplement with a lot of [ __ ] that's
pretty much away some money you know and
um it just makes the job easier guys
again you only need half an ounce to one
ounce a day on average you know meaning
if you get in on Monday you can skip
Tuesday get it on Wednesday or you know
stuff like that as long as the average
comes out to half an hour to announce a
day you will be getting so many
nutrients you don't believe me go to
chronometer type in one ounce deliver
and you'll be blown away
um so Leah let's see uh eighty percent
are getting zero ounces that is scary
once again now you guys see all the
studies that I showed you right now you
see why
key levels are dropping like flies right
and you guys see why the study showed
that the number one reason is actually
micronutrient deficiencies vitamins and
minerals key nutrients that your body
needs in others to function but for
steroidogenesis you know to produce
testosterone to release LH to bring uh
you know cholesterol into the
mitochondria and convert it to
pregnenolone and progesterone blah blah
you need nutrients for all of these
reactions right none of your genes your
genes mean nothing what are enzymes
right because your genes eventually
called for enzymes and things like that
those enzymes cannot work with our
cofactors that's where your vitamins and
minerals and other micronutrients come
in right not to mention that you need to
lower inflammation which we've bombarded
with all day long right
in this day and age your testes are
being bombarded by so much oxidative
stress which leads to inflammation which
obviously lowers testosterone right and
leads to even more oxidative stress so
it's like a vicious cycle
how do you fix that once again vitamins
minerals antioxidants nutrients that's
why in almost every video I make
what is the root cause it's always guys
you have Micro nutrient deficiencies
right so you cannot play with nutrients
guys they are everything and the the um
the politicians know this big farmer
knows this but the reason why they don't
want to keep reminding you that is
because they make so much money he's
selling you Burger supplements and over
prescribing medications then by telling
you eat healthy there's no profession
telling you to eat healthy you know so
anyway so let's uh look at the pole 80
is getting zero ounces okay so let's
look at the poll 80 of you guys in the
smiggler category four percent are
getting you know 0.25 to 0.49 ounces
that is frightening
um only four percent of you guys are
getting on average half announced to
announce a day and uh 11 are getting one
ounce right notice how I kept it at one
ounce you don't want to eat two ounces
of liver a day that's a little too much
unless you weigh like 400 pounds lean
muscle which obviously is not happening
you guys are not Thor
um but for most people you don't need
more than an announce a day in fact
again in front of you cut right it's a
little too much so uh 84 of people
don't eat liver again doesn't have to be
every day I'm talking about on average
right in in a weekly time frame that is
frightening but once again are we
surprised anyway so let's read the
comments
right and not to mention that liver has
a [ __ ] ton of choline right watch the
video I made on choline right 90 to 92
percent of the population is deficient
in choline which is mind-boggling seeing
how powerful and how important choline
is choline is for um you know again
Lower inflammation increasing quantity
and absorption
um cognition acetylcholine function
dopamine release
immune function you name it right again
watch the read on Colleen where I go
over all the benefits of uh choline
which the top two foods that have the
most choline is obviously eggs and B
flavor everything else on the list
number three number four number five are
so low in choline relative to liver and
next so now you guys see why 92 percent
of the population is deficient in coding
um
anyway let's see I see liver banana that
I know liver king is not an area just
stuff they want a rifle Trend oh my God
I I can't believe I know you're joking
but the fact that people thought this
guy was uh Natty this whole time blows
my mind
um you guys are lucky that I don't make
videos on Like You Know Drama [ __ ] and
stuff like that because there are so
much [ __ ] in the Fitness in the
fitness industry that I I always try to
control myself I'm like do not make a
video on this trying to stick to the
focus of the channel
you know avoid the drama avoid you guys
know it takes a lot for me to actually
like make a video bashing somebody else
you know specifically because I I hate
to drop in the Fitness in the streets I
feel like it's so distracting
um from the actual Mission which is to
just focus on people but
man I wanted to make so many videos on
living King and and and so many other
guys out there who are just bombarding
you with lies and and nonsense just to
[ __ ] sell supplements but anyway one
day one day I might join the Dark Side
one day I might say [ __ ] this whole like
rule of not going into drama and I might
just start making a bunch of videos
exposing all these [ __ ] out there
all right
uh Megan gonna have a field day with
this one oh boy oh boy I hope it's not
bad uh let's keep going I'm not living
King I'm breast gang
um I'm about 250 gonna deliver I eat
about 250 grams of lamb liver per week
it's so Good by the way lamba itself
tastes so good man I just wish the land
wasn't that expensive
um but man lamb it's so but again it
goes into the red meat category I told
you guys you should be eating red meat
you know frequently so
um I love to chase the lame man
especially when I was in Africa man my
Muslim friends Muslim family members you
know we used to eat a ton of lamb during
the holidays
um and um through the Muslim holidays
and man man that was the only time I
didn't bash these lot was when it was
time for like land Feasts because you
guys know how I feel about religion you
know whether it's Christianity Islam
Judaism whatever you already got to know
my stance on that but I digress
uh Megan about to delete this whole
chapter seeing this bowl yeah I couldn't
believe it that's why I was like oh man
do not look at the comments until the
video starts because when I saw the 80
percent
I almost passed out
um but yeah I'm not surprised because
again I've been coaching for over a
decade I look at people's meal plans the
moment I start working with them and
again deficiency city right media make a
list of how much to eat
all right Megan make a list of how much
you eat of steak eggs leverage after my
testosterone I'm pretty sure I have in
the past in the tier list but I could do
it again but again it really depends on
your Macros guys like 150 pound person
is not gonna have the you know
the same requirements as a 200 pound
person or 300 pound person or 120 pound
person you know so that's why I don't I
don't give specific numbers because
that's not how you coach that's not how
it works you got to look at the person's
activity level their weight their height
um
that goals their their religious uh
preferences their allergies a lot goes
into this you know
um that's why I would say just do what
works for you
because some people might be able to eat
10 eggs a day with no issue whereas
another person can't even eat three eggs
a day without having reactions or
without
um you know throwing up you know so I
just tried to work with the individual
person that's why I don't like making
you know specific like oh you got to eat
this number I give you a general range
but again it's just general but if you
want to make a video on this uh let's
see
and by the way you know notice that it's
the same Foods right liver is nothing
new it's part of the red meat category
right like I would say red meat eggs
um salmon those are your top three all
right on any meal plan right red meat
eggs salmon or fatty fish when I say
salmon I really mean fatty fish so it
could be mackerel sardines
and then number four number five can
vary based on the person right so that
could be again
you could live wherever the person's not
getting enough of the nutrients from the
top three oysters
um which you only hear the small amount
of obviously milk if the person is
lactose tolerant you know number four
number five you guys could play around
when it comes to protein but the top
three should be steak right red meat by
the way what's the steak red meat eggs
salmon right or some kind of fatty fish
those are the top three protein sources
that should be on everybody's meal plan
assuming you have no allergies or stuff
like that
and uh and then like I said you could
play around number four number five as
far as carbs I already made a list you
know quinoa potatoes yams
um fruits blueberries kiwi pineapple
blah blah
um actually watch my tailles you guys
are acting like I'm holding off on this
information I already made these videos
just type chill list best carbs best
protein bestest you know I already made
tons of videos on this best fats
um
let's see you started eating a few days
ago it feels good first of all it
um by the way yeah and to be to be fair
guys Liberties like [ __ ] I'll be I'll be
the first one to tell you guys but you
know team Duty Alpha no excuses you know
you got to find ways to make it taste
good
um
I love my girl for that man she she
found over the years yeah because I've
been struggling with liver for like
almost 10 years now like finding ways to
make it taste good and she's always been
there you know Finding different recipes
we try to milk [ __ ] years ago that [ __ ]
does not work soaking in milk it's just
you know I'm like man why are you
wasting my milk you know
um right now what works is she found a
way to mix it with tomato paste and
onions and garlic I think and it helps
make it taste less like [ __ ] but uh you
know one day it actually tasted good I
was surprised I was like you get some
date tonight but uh but anyway so I
started eating a few days ago feels good
already
um
uh be careful don't eat too much liver
in one day
um
especially every day I have a local
feminine characters occasionally he's
expensive but quality I'm not able to
get enough to eat daily unfortunately
yeah you don't need to eat it every
single day as long as as long as your
weekly averages is good but again keep
in mind guys those foods that I
mentioned notice how it's simple it's
not complicated these are foods that
according to my rules it has to be
proven
to work right they have to have
nutrients that are proven to work
um yeah and they also have to be simple
right meaning things that our ancestors
did without even thinking about it and
sure enough you don't have to go back to
see the diets of not just your ancestors
but
even 50 years ago
people living on farms people
um you know eating home-cooked Foods
it's the same thing they were eating red
meat eggs dairy fish you know hunters or
gatherers eat liver organs brains you
know this is nothing new guys all right
let's see I don't eat it daily but I eat
about 200 liver a week because I want to
eat them all everybody because there's a
lot of vitamins exactly exactly you
don't want to eat more than 3 000
um retinols
a day
especially not every single day
um let's see
each month I'll buy a kilo need about
seven pieces
um I'd take zinc supplements every
morning along with B complex D and
omega-3
um again be careful because if you're
taking zinc supplements every single day
then chances are you probably [ __ ] up
using to Copper ratio so be very careful
with that just get using from red meat
you know red meat maybe eat half an
ounce of oysters every other day or
every day
um let's see B complex again you
wouldn't need a b complex if you ate
liver you know full of B vitamins
something if you ate red meat and salmon
you're getting all your B vitamins
Vitamin D yep that's the one supplement
that you watch my video where I
explained that's the one thing that
everybody needs is vitamin D no one is
getting enough sunlight not no one is
getting enough sunlight again like
unless you go butt naked balls up no
clothes on in the Sun for like six hours
a day if you're a [ __ ] and about 10
minutes a day if you you know like
um omega-3 again if you're eating salmon
you won't need that see that's why I
keep saying guys if you eat the the top
five foods for each category you won't
need all these supplements
you know like I said it doesn't hurt to
have the supplements as a backup plan
but if you're eating those Foods
you won't have to use the supplements
every single day you know but you
shouldn't you shouldn't be using
supplements every single day extra
vitamin D3 of course
um let's see
post Gmail as an avocado nice nice
um does it have to be beef liver no no
whenever I recommended food you guys you
could go adjacent to that food and take
anything that's close to it because like
I always say when I recommend the food
it's not that the food is magical oh no
it's because of the nutrients within
that Foods if you get so if you could
get those nutrients from a different
food source you're fine
so when I say that's why I say red meat
you know it doesn't have to be steak it
could be bison it could be you know if
you could find a [ __ ] Buffalo about
me go you know so when I mention the
food you could eat that food or pick
anything that's adjacent to that
anything that has the nutrients that
food offers right because every food I
recommend it's not just because of the
food because I'm [ __ ] sponsored by
liver uh Farm or some [ __ ] no is it
because of the nutrients within that
food so as far as beef liver the reason
why I say beef liver is because sure
enough I always give you guys the Pareto
Principle I always give you guys the the
um the 20 that gives you 80 of the
results
you know I give you guys the best one
for every five so I said beef liver
because it's the one that's the most
practical most affordable and it has the
most nutrients as far as the foods we
have access to but you can eat chicken
liver it's just put in its chronometer
you realize that you need a lot more
chicken liver to get the nutrients that
are in beef liver but as long as you're
eating liver you're good just make sure
that you get in your micronutrients
um does liver spread have the same again
it depends on how much you're eating um
put it in chronometer but liver is one
of my favorite foods how the [ __ ] is it
one of your favorite foods because again
I'm I'm
one of the biggest uh I'm one of the
first people to recommend living to
everybody but I'll be the first to tell
you that it tastes like straight ass
but hey if you found a way to make it
taste good please let us know man go on
the Discord like I said we have a big
family that uh helps everybody out nice
Brotherhood go in there give us your
recipes I have a whole Channel called
food porn where people post delicious
meals you know they have a ton of
nutrients
so please if you found a way to make
liver taste good you would have solved a
problem that I've been having for over
10 years
hey I really love your channel and the
healthier lifestyle you promote however
even though salty food get wrapped up in
plastic with leeches uh chemicals
okay he's not being a troll um
I thought he was doing a basic straw man
comment you know
you know completely disregarding the
inverted U curve that I always preach
but can you please make a video how to
kind of like yeah I will but again like
I said this argument applies to
everything even the supplements that
people take to it's funny because some
people say hey I don't want to eat
um X food because it has like Mercury or
I don't want to eat this because it has
this so it has that but then they're
going to take supplements that come in
plastic bottles and I'm like oh that'll
full of seed oils or whatever so
what are you guys doing you know jumping
out a frying pan Into the Fire that's
why I would say every single thing is
going to have something bad about it
everything everything you know you can't
avoid you guys are trying to live life
trying to avoid every danger you can't
you just have to pick what has the the
best bang for your buck the the most
Pros relative to cons
but if you want to make a video about
that since you ask politely and you want
to be in a troll
um preaching to the choir type of [ __ ]
but anyway make a sample meal plan video
I mean I did parts of it but if you want
yeah I'll make a whole video let me make
sure I'm on time oh my God there's no
way this video is 19 minutes long all
right let's hurry up um adapted to my
diet to eat my beef liver all right just
make sure you don't go overboard
um I love liver uh
okay nice nice nice navigating uh see
this is
okay I'm actually surprised that some of
you guys actually
um
eat you know eat healthy finally pulled
I can do well on about two ounces a day
that's that's kind of high unless you're
a very very big guy and your
requirements are high but two ounces is
kind of a lot again I don't know what
your overall meal plan looks like but
just be careful
um
let's see are there any downsides having
oh yes but I already answered that
earlier you do not want to eat five
ounces of liver a day are you kidding me
um Vitamix City yeah not a concerned
with them again on the chicken liver I
mean that's fine chicken liver is better
than no liver
um let's see okay I can't read
everything now because this video is way
too long so let me go fast I live in the
middle of the suburbs no butchers anyway
they don't sell that Walmart
um
that's the problem but see if
see if they have chicken liver or
it should be beef liver about even in
the suburbs but
um but like I said like I said earlier
in the video you don't need liver as
long as you're getting the nutrients
that liver has it's just like I said
it's very hard to get those nutrients
from other foods but if you don't have
access to liver just go to chronometer
put in your average they're eating see
what nutrients you're deficient in and
then try to eat foods that have that
[Music]
um
let's see in India the the wait wait let
me see this uh in India goat and lamb is
extremely expensive yeah because you
know they're the people at the top eat
all the good food and give the common
man you know a bunch of vegetarian
[ __ ] beef is not possible for Hindus
very expensive too
it's funny I had this discussion in the
Discord uh I think last week about how
some countries are just designed to just
[ __ ] the citizens over man to keep you
guys Low T all the tea boosting foods
are expensive for [ __ ] only the elite
can eat it and then they have the
Common Man
eat the eat the [ __ ]
the amount of Indians who think that
that is great escape yeah yeah you know
I actually said it in a disco that a lot
of the
a lot of Indians that actually have
great genetics are getting [ __ ] over
based on you know based on the diet
alone you know super high uh you know
seed oils and very low protein very low
quality protein
um you'd be surprised a lot of people
actually have good genetics and um just
the epigenetics are [ __ ] up from the
diet
you know which is a [ __ ] tragedy
you have the best genetics in the world
if your diet is void of nutrients you
can't even activate your genes so people
don't understand they don't understand
why diet is so important it's because
genes mean nothing without nutrients to
activate the genes to transcribe the
genes to uh to translate the genes you
know but anyway
um
okay I can't keep going guys this video
is way too [ __ ] long I gotta wrap it
up all right join the Disco we have like
I said we have a ton of these
conversations all the time
um just make sure you read the rules
because you gotta have thick skin to be
in that Discord boy I tell you you gotta
have to skin because we we are ruthless
we roast each other we we say things
that people will call racist but really
we're just joking around it's a crazy
[ __ ] Discord but make sure you read
the rules so that you don't overstep
um
and uh yeah like the video comment
subscribe Boosie I'll go buy my [ __ ]
whatever I'm out of here all right guys
don't forget to like or share the video
subscribe and hit the bell and buy my
HSB nucleus with a little training
program you see ultimate program for
maximum muscle growth it includes full
body workout splits bro splits Push Pull
home workouts you name it also comes
with a complete guide for macros
nutrition fat loss monster growth
hormones including a meal plan it's
pretty much all my 16 years of
experience condensed into one [ __ ]
book you're also gonna get free copies
of any future Edition so visit
team3dalpha.com and you can use the 40
off coupon code nucleus overload or you
could just buy the share full price all
right guys I'm out of here
