hey what's up guys it's team 3D shout
out to my Kings out there today's my D
Lo week um well my D Day for squats and
I didn't want to do Bish weights on the
on you know squats I decided to do front
squats instead it's a it's a great
alternative still hit your quads and it
also works on your core because your
core has to come in and balance the
weight so I just did three sets of 10
reps and that was it I'm doing this on
empty stomach by the way this was
Saturday June 2nd I had to be at work so
got up early um um I decided to empty my
glycogen stores because the next day is
um my cheat day so every day before my
cheat day I deplete my glycogen stores
and the best way to do that is to work
work out really early in the morning on
an empty
stomach and do compound movements to um
speed up your Global metabolism next up
was um Romanian dead lips stiff leg dead
lips whatever you want to call it for my
ham even though it's not legs they every
time I do quad movement I have to do a
hand movement I like balancing you know
my
workouts excuse me so three three sets
of Dy three sets of 10
reps and I was
done after that I had to do my DLo um
three sets for overhead press and
obviously I did not want to do you know
um [ __ ] weights on the overhead press
so I just decided to try a new ex size
guess what it is yep you guessed it
power cleans my first time doing this
this is harder than I thought it was I
mean you see it on YouTube you see it on
TV and you think oh yeah that's easy
I'll just try next time I work out this
was stupid hard I even though the weight
was light I just couldn't get the form
right I never play football never triy
power lifting so this my first time
doing this exercise and it's it's not
easy to pat down on the first on the
first try so I just try to not not break
my back
and believe it or not out of all the
exercises I've ever done this exercise
sped up my heart rate more than anything
else even more than
squats and um I did three sets of 10 for
this one yeah more than squats it I mean
my heart was beating so fast I was like
what are you serious this is only like
60 70
pounds but um once I get and I fell in
love with this exercise by the way once
I get the form right I'm going to add
this to my routine probably twice a week
uh I'm going to do a lot of reading to
you know and watch a lot more videos to
try to get the form
down it's one thing to see it on on
YouTube and it's another thing to
actually try to implement it look at
this [ __ ] I'm [ __ ] up left and
right but I'm not embarrassed I'm not
ashamed to show you guys my humble
beginnings why would I wait till I
perform the movement and then show it to
you guys that's being a hypocrite I
might as well show to you while I While
I suck at it so when I master it you'll
know okay this guy
gu was
terrible power
cleans yeah definitely if you know how
to do it you know props to you if not
get on it man it's a great exercise and
I was it man and before leaving home I
before going to the house I decided to
just burn out my um to get a pump upper
body pump so I decided to do a quick
circuit triceps side laterals and um and
biceps once again this is not an arms
workout it's not an arm workout so it's
just I'm just trying to get the blood in
the muscle so I could just have a good
pump I like leaving the gym with a nice
pump in my entire body so this has
nothing to do with you know you know an
arm workor here as you can tell I'm
doing partial reps I'm not doing full
range of motion I'm not going slow
control I'm just doing partial reps to
get the blood in my tricep that's it
nothing more same thing
for um the next two exercises I do after
that just to get the blood in
there for for all you um pH police out
there commenting on every video a lot of
you guys are helpful a lot of you guys
are just [ __ ] jerks
man the ones who are helpful and
actually giving me tips I actually
appreciate that but so yeah side
laterals and um after that I did a
modified version of cable preer
curls once again I'm just trying to get
the blood in the in the muscle and go
home I just did three sets of that then
I train my abs I train my abs three
times a week no need to put that in the
video it's the same thing same [ __ ]
every time and then I did
cardio as you can tell I'm not see I'm
doing partial reps no full range of
motion just partial reps to get that you
know to get that blood in the
muscle res set of that my arms would
pumped when I was done
all right that was it after that I did
cardio to deplete the rest of my
glycogen stor to burn as much fat as
possible and then I went then I went
home here's a quick look at what I did
for cardio first thing I do is I start
boxing until to failure as you can see I
box until I could barely throw you know
throw any more
punches I had to fast forward then I do
this
exercise it's you know 10 punches and
then you Circle the punching bag and you
do 10 punches again Circle the punching
bag you do this 10 times so it's 10 sets
of this simple exercise Now by this
point mind you there's no food in my
[ __ ] stomach I'm thirsty and I can't
drink water obviously cuz I don't want
to take the boxing gloves off and I
can't grab the bottle with my the gloves
on I have no energy I'm pretty much you
know just using Straight mind and
willpower I felt like crying man I was
so [ __ ]
tired I was like punch punch punch punch
walk
boxing is great man if you tired of
doing boring cardio on a on a treadmill
or on a stationary
bike go go to Sporting Goods get you
some boxing gloves and just just box man
you don't got to have perfect form you
don't got to have perfect technique
unless you're a [ __ ] boxer I'm not a
[ __ ] boxer I'm just doing this you
know for my health for my heart
box box box walk
around I know I know I'mma have the
phone police circling my page hey man
that's not the right technique man
that's not the I'm tired as [ __ ] shut
the [ __ ] up lay your ass out I could
barely walk
all right that was the third exercise I
just fast forward it it just punch punch
duck punch punch duck punch punch duck
that was it I had to fast forward
everything because I was in that room
for like 20 25 minutes just punching
punching punching
punching now I'm ready for my cheat day
tomorrow CU I have no energy whatsoever
man and everything I eat most of the
carbs I eat tomorrow is going to go
straight to my muscles and straight to
my glycogen
stores and I say guys you know I I had
to end the week with a bang by the way
this this was on Saturday day seven my
cycle was over on day on day seven so I
had to end it with a
bang I don't recommend this all the time
all right guys thanks for
watching thanks for um supporting liking
and all that good [ __ ]
