what's going on guys Chim 3D Jonathan
I'm back better stronger than ever this
year was the beginning of my
transformation on May 22nd as you can
tell I mean this was after a regular
night meal I was bloated I was fat
couldn't see my stomach so I decided to
go on a little cut before my official
bug look how nasty this looks but anyway
after few days of
dieting I began to look like
this I was finally able to see my pack
now I'll tell you guys in a different
video the kind of diets that I did I did
like four different diets to get this
Lan uh I'll explain in a separate video
like I said but anyway I kept ding until
I was able to see my obliques a little
bit and the good thing about dieting and
going on the cut is you were able to see
number one how much muscle you think you
put on but really didn't and you're also
able to see
um where you need to improve because
when you strip the body fat all you left
with his muscle it lets you see your
weak points and as you can tell I got
quite a lot of weak points over here I
can see my
seratus uh my four
pack I still had a little
pouch and this week I was getting a
little more shredded that's a lot of
water we but anyway this is how I look
now
now I'm officially done with my diet
it's a great shot by the way look at the
quads for those of you wanting to see my
legs yes my legs are not where I want
them to be but I'm making progress like
I said it's my first year actually
training legs in my entire life so it's
going to take a while I like this shot
here anyway guys yeah my di is over and
I'll make a separate video to explain
and the breakdown and how everything
went you can watch this video second
time if you want
to see the the picture Cho more slowly
but I got to hurry up got a lot of
things to do just moved into the new
apartment but figured it's been a week
and you guys have been waiting all right
guys team 3D thanks for the support
