hey guys's going on Megan here all right
20 reasons why the Androgen receptor is
more important than testosterone if
you've been watching my videos for a
long time you're going to hear me
mention net Androgen status a lot um and
really what that refers to is the ratio
between your Androgen signaling and your
anti-androgens as far as Androgen
signaling it's mainly through your
endogen receptor I'm going to try to
keep this video a very beginner simple
so that I don't uh scare off the guys
who don't like the technical details but
long story short
without your inren receptor a lot of
testosterone effects are useless and
again I have a lot of videos on this but
I'm still being asked about it so here
it is uh I'm going to show you guys uh
at the bottom that's all the things that
testas can do without the enogen
receptor right so in this category or
here and at the top are things that the
enogen receptor is mandatory for right
like up here and then here and this
right so let's get straight to it
tason's effects on uh your bra rge right
that one
is mandatory right your enogen receptor
is mandatory for testosterone to exert
that effect obviously during puberty uh
testosterone's effects on you know
giving you larger hands men have larger
hands than women and it's mainly through
testosterone that one again endogen
receptor wins I'm not going to put it
higher because there are some genetic
variations that can make it so that you
can have lar your hands without the
indogen receptor but that one is through
the inen receptor next the Stone's
effect on your hand grip strand you guys
should know by now if you watch my
videos one of the best predictors of
your net Androgen status and
testosterone signaling is your hand grip
strength regardless of muscle mass
obviously muscle mass is going to add to
that but even if you account for muscle
mass this is still the biggest predictor
of your testosterone testosterone
signaling that is not just levels and
that one again Androgen receptor wins
again the reason why it's not higher is
because there are some ways where your
body can increase your grip strength
without the Androgen receptor but the
Androgen receptor at that next you have
uh testosterone effects on your big ass
traps you guys know when people hop on
steroids one of the first things that
blow up is the traps mainly because
there's a high amount of you guessed it
Androgen receptors there right as well
as myonuclei and all that stuff so that
one is also through the Androgen
receptor right next you have uh acne
testone effects on acne unfortunately
that is also through the entrogen
receptor of course it's not hard because
your body can give you acne through
other mechanisms but it's mainly uh
through the engineering
seor uh man so far Tas is not winning
right uh and by the way guys the reason
why I have to keep saying testosterone
testosterone instead of Androgen
receptor signaling on net Androgen
status is because of beginners YouTube
and social media is full of beginners if
I say and the algo uh rewards titles and
content that use you know again High SEO
stuff right search engine optimization
So and I've tested it many times if I
say to increase your net enten status it
gets zero views cuz the algo is like
what the [ __ ] is this right and when
people see it they don't click because
they don't know what it is so whenever I
say testosterone I'm really referring to
net Eng status so anyway I have to say
this in like every video it's freaking
annoying but next t facts on your 2D to
4D ratio right you guys should know
based on how sensitive you are to
testosterone's effects especially in the
womb um you're going to have a different
2D to 4D ratio than women and so enough
this one is to the Androgen receptor as
well right in fact people that are
insensitive to the Androgen receptor
that have CIS or parti your has do not
have that um in case you were wondering
uh your 2D to 4D ratio is pretty much
the ratio of your index
finger compared to your ring finger
right so your 2D to 4D ratio men have a
longer fourth digit than a second digit
right so men have a longer ring finger
on average of course uh you know then
their second is all right next you have
uh let's see testas affects on your nose
most people don't even know this but
just one increases uh the size of your
nose it's one of the reason why men have
bigger noses than women on average as
always that one is again through the
enogen receptor there's obviously some
some genetic variants some genetic
polymorphisms and snps that can play a
role in that but as as far as sexual
dimorphism go that's through the inen
receptor next
uh testos effect on speed right A lot of
people somehow don't know that testos
effects on power output and speed uh
sorry that the the sexual differences in
power and speed are mediated through
testosterone yes testosterone increases
jumping ability power speed and all
those things and that one is also
through the Androgen receptor I'm not
going to put it higher simply because
there's other ways uh where your body
can increase power and Speed without the
inden receptor right for example
adrenaline signaling and some other
fast you know polymorphis but again just
St inden receptor affect muscle fiber
composition next we have uh
feminizing uh sorry masculinizing the
face lot of people don't know this but
this is at the very top the Androgen
receptor is what masculinizes your face
how do we know this because people that
have mutations where they uh The enogen
receptors don't work actually come out
with a female face not a femin face a
female face literally a woman
um I know it's crazy uh so if you if you
have that syndrome I feel bad for you
and it's about to get worse keep
watching it's about to get worse uh next
the St effects on your jool line giving
man that square Joel line that is also
through the Androgen
receptor um so without the Androgen
receptor you're not getting any of these
effects next uh testicle saws well that
one I'm going to put this one here the
stone W you do not need the enogen
receptor to have bigger testicles
uh next uh testosterone effects on
strength again highly highly upregulated
by the enogen receptor obviously above
Baseline um next you have testosterone
effects on the length of your arms men
have longer arms than women even with
same genetics that is also through the
Androgen receptor Androgen receptor
signaling counteracting a lot of the
effects of estrad the main estrogen next
we have testosterone's effects on
jumping ability once again
through the Androgen receptor next
testost effects on giving you bigger
shoulders once again through the
Androgen receptor testosterone's effects
on giving you larger feet men have
bigger feet than women that is through
the Androgen receptor testosterone's
effects on giving you a wide uh you know
on increasing your shoulder weight right
wider clavicles that one is also through
the inden
receptor next you have testone effects
on wait what the [ __ ] is this oh yeah on
longer legs giving men longer legs than
women that is also through indogen
receptor signaling also counteracting a
lot of estrogen's
effects uh let's see this is about to
get interesting testas the facts on
making sure you don't have a vagina I'm
being dead serious it's is not a joke
that
is it's funny because most people don't
know this but uh before I even rank this
most people don't know this but men are
actually female in the womb and and it's
around the 8th to 10th week that the S
SOI Gene activates and increases
obviously you know you know test
testicles and justone comes out from
your testes blah blah blah blah blah
right so we actually all women in the
womb it's one of women that's one of the
reasons why we come out with uh nipples
so the default human gender contrary to
what people think is actually female it
is testosterone and to be specific DHT
that masculinizes the body again how do
we know this because people that have
CIS complete and receptor
sensitivity uh come out like like women
and that's coming soon so that one is
you better than the Androgen receptor
mainly
DHT uh next we have and obviously I
couldn't put a picture of the actual
vagina this video is going to get
freaking blocked so I had to put this um
but that should do the trick next we
have testosterone effects on and that's
what I was referring to on giving you a
male body instead of a female body so
again for people who don't know this
without testosterone to be specific
without the androgen receptor you
develop as a female this picture that
you see here these are actually two men
no they're not transgender they didn't
go through then go through a section
there's actually two men uh with a white
chromosome genetic males but they have
CIS right CIS is one of the worst things
that could happen to a man it's genetic
so there's nothing you can do about it
uh so they developed as females until
they find out you know when they're
older that they're not having periods
and they can't get pregnant and then
they go to the doctor and they find out
holy cow you know you a [ __ ] you a dude
uh so yes so that's what happens when
the inine receptor is not working
testosterone cannot have its effects
without the AR it can have some effects
but not the masculinizing effects and
therefore the body continues its
development as the default gender of the
human race which is female so this one
at the very top without the engine
receptor and by the way they have normal
testone levels which is why I keep
telling you guys time and time again
it's not all about testone levels it's
about net Androgen status these men here
have normal test T levels in some cases
they even have higher testosterone
levels than normal because of impair
negative feedback loop blah blah blah
and yet they develop as women because
the Androgen receptor is not working so
that DHD is useless the tone is useless
all it could do is convert to
estral next the staton's effects on
making sure you don't have breasts again
that is also through the Androgen
receptor at the very top as you can see
here in the CIS men they have breast I
had to blur it out you know they have
hips everything they look like women
a lot of them go through life without
even knowing that they were men uh next
the stom effect on penis size that's at
the very top that is modulated through
the endogen receptor uh mainly DHT you
know obviously if you're born uh if you
born with a DHT mutation right if you
born with your inability to make DHT so
let's say you have a five duct days
mutation you know uh you're going to end
up born with either a micr penis or with
a vagina or somewhere in between between
and it's usually around puberty when it
t on uh you know skyrockets that the low
DHT gets counteracted by or get
compensated by the high amounts of
testosterone that's the only way
testosterone can try to rival DHD is
when is by mass action right so you need
a lot of molecules of testosterone to
have the same effect as one DHC molecule
so I made a lot of quizzes and posts
about that showed you guys the study so
you could search that on your own time
next we have
uh testas effects on bone density now
this one I got to put that at its at tie
mainly because you also need estrogen
you know to be specific estral for bone
density you need both testosterone and
estrogen and of course DHD does not
convert to estrogen um so the so pretty
much bone density to increase bone
density you need both Androgen signaling
and estrad signaling right estrogen
receptor signaling so I want to put that
one is a TI next unfortunately Tas
effects on hair loss you know to be
specific dht's effects on hair loss are
modulated by the Androgen receptor I'm
going to put that up here right so and
so that's the benefit that those those
men have the men that have CIS is they
don't experience androgenic alopecia at
least not to the same extent as
regulament um so everyone is blaming DHD
for hell I'm like if you want to be
technical it's not DHT it's the anden
receptor uh DHD is just more powerful at
activating the engine receptor because
like I always say it is the Super Saiyan
version of the
testerone next you have uh uh yeah
testosterone's effects on just muscle
mass in general again that one is mainly
modulated by the inden receptor I'm not
going to put it higher simply because
there's also you could have my static
mutations ftin uh mutations igf1
mutations there's many other ways where
your body can give you a lot of muscle
without the engine receptor but as as
far as being significantly jacked
assuming you have no my St mutation
that's going to be through the inine
receptor next testosterone's effects on
body hair right giving you a lot of body
hair chest hair even pubic hair that is
also Through The inine receptors as you
can clearly see almost everything that
testosterone gets credit for is mainly
done by the Androgen receptor the only
thing that testas one can do better or
can do without the indogen receptor is
obviously the by conversion through
estrogen right in that case it's acting
through the um through the receptor both
Alpha and beta but anyway hope this
video helps now you see why I'm always
saying it's not about testosterone it's
about that Androgen status testosterone
is just what increases that Androgen
status as long as all else is equal all
right guys hope this video is helpful uh
join the school Community by the ebook
support the channel I'm out of here
