[Music]
hey guys what's up giving you a little
quick vlog a little quick update on my
progress don't mind my hair I just got
back from the gym and I'm doing laundry
so I had to throw my cap in there but
anyway um little update on my progress
about the whole enzyme and whole food
situation so let me give you guys a
quick a brief signosis uh so I was
bulking you guys know for a few months
now over 6 months and I got stuck at 190
I went from 160 to 190 and I got stuck
at 190 you know I hit a plateau where
any any more weight that I would put on
the 190 would be fat so I had to cruise
that 190 it every time I try to increase
my calories the fat gains would just
come in within a week so I had to stay
at 190 to try to maintain and then I
came across the whole um enzyme Thing by
pure accident me and my uncle were
talking about protein and we're talking
about how uh we don't believe that you
you should eat that much protein because
we're looking at people like himself who
only eat 60 g of protein a day and it's
massive people in prison people in
Africa and things like that and then the
discussion went on and on and on and we
looked at different cases of people who
um they have protein shakes and they
have the stuff that we have so they only
ate about 80 g of protein Max a day and
we also looked at the FDA recommended
out all these little things so then I
started doing research and I found out
about the whole enzy thing watch the
videos I made about the enzymes you know
it's it's uh it's a bum show but anyway
so I decided to give myself a little
test that was three about approximately
approximately 3 weeks ago I put myself
on a little test you guys know I'm a big
guinea pig I'm I'm my biggest guinea pig
so I cut my calories from over 4,000 cuz
that's what I was eating I was eating up
to 4,700 calories at one point and I was
still stuck at 190 so I was between
3,900 to 4,700 calories a day right and
uh like I said I wasn't going past 190
so I cut my calories down I did the new
pox I cut my calories down to about
2,000 to
2200 this my calories on my fitness pile
right now for the last 3 weeks I cut out
all my protein shakes I cut out all my
um my processed foods not all but most
of my process foods and I decided to try
Whole Foods along with
enzymes um you know sacea pineapple Ki
weed you know stuff like that based on
what I read if you watch the videos uh
the study showed how when you eat
protein without
enzymes uh you know you don't get not
all of it gets absorbed and crap like
that so I decided to give it a try so I
ate my uncle diet right I ate Whole
Foods for 3 weeks approximately 3 weeks
um along with pineapple or kiwi after
every meal and guess what happened guys
this is only like I said week three I'm
at 195 now all right so I don't know you
know I went from 190 to 192 to 195 at
the moment on my heaviest day uh my con
my constant weight right now is like 193
194 but uh in the morning I'm
195 so if you take away a pound from
like the food I ate the night before I
would say 194 193 so that's my weight
now so I gain about three to four pounds
in in two two and a half weeks this is
after a plateau that that that lasted
what three months because I was 190
since December so December January
February March I could not go past 190
192 now I'm 195 in 3 weeks um my
strength has gone up you guys have seen
it miraculously I finally pulled 405 lbs
and even though like 3 weeks ago I
couldn't even pull that [ __ ] uh what
else happened my like I said my strength
was gone up um I'm sh marker today he
was amazed at like how he he couldn't
keep up with me and I'm 194 95 now he's
like 2 something 260 something 250
something and he was like dude like did
you take a pre-workout I stopped taking
my supplements I stopped taking my
creatine I stopped taking my
pre-workouts I stopped taking my
vitamins and you guys know I'm Bing
vitamin I st taking all that for 3 weeks
and I just ate Whole Foods and my kiwi
and pineapple after every meal to see
that ain't some [ __ ] worse so you guys
tell me you be the scientist you be the
judge and you guys let me know if you if
the enzymes and the whole the whole
whole food thing is working and and mind
you I don't people not going to believe
this but [ __ ] y you know I don't care um
I cut my calories down by almost 2,000 I
went from 4,700 to 2,200 to 2,500 Max on
like a cheat day so I cut my calories by
almost 2,000 cuz when you're eating
Whole Foods it's almost impossible to
eat 4,000 calories so I cut my caries
down to like almost 2,000 and I'm eating
it with fruits and enzymes to make sure
my body resoles all the food and in 3
weeks which is week three now I broke my
dead PR I gained 2 to three lbs uh not
to say it's muscle cuz it's only 3 weeks
and um everything is going up and I'm
going keep I'm going keep doing it the
plan was to do it for two weeks it's
been 3 weeks now I'm going to do it for
another another week to make it four and
I'm going show you guys uh my progress
on the scale and everything else so for
you this for you g is out think people
that don't believe in Whole Foods and
all that eating healthy
[ __ ] trust me like the thing is junk
food is good if you're looking for
energy right it's going to give you some
energy and then you're going to crash
later I trust me I know about junk food
I'm I was dirty bulking you know look
how fat I got and uh as far as whole
food I feel better I'm stronger my body
according to the studies is absorbing
everything you know what I'm saying my
body is taking everything in not 100%
but a lot more I mean that's the only
Theory I have I mean how do you explain
eating less calories but getting bigger
eating less calories and getting
stronger and feeling better I mean you
guys do your re but anyway that's just
to um to motivate the guys out there who
are trying to eat healthy go out there I
mean I have no reason to allow to you
I'm not [ __ ] selling you Whole Foods
I don't have a a John Megan Market down
the block but I'm trying to sell whole
food to y' [ __ ] all right I get
nothing out of this I'm just showing you
guys what works it worked for my uncle
for for this long and I was like [ __ ] it
let me try it out on me and it's only
been 3 weeks and I'm already seeing
games and I'm going to show you guys the
transformation update so you can see how
much Fuller my muscles look and how my
physique changed in general in the last
three weeks so guys go for it whole food
is the way to go and don't forget your
pineapple and your kiwi and your papaya
for your enzymes
