all right guys best traps of all time
and how they were built this is probably
going to be my favorite series uh I did
chest already I believe I did triceps
already so check it out I think I did it
last year um let's go on before we move
on you guys already know traps is by far
my favorite body part of all time I feel
like it's the most Alpha muscle ever
since I was a kid I was always attracted
to comic book characters with big ass
traps like Bane the Hulk [ __ ] Thanos
all the buff [ __ ] but anyway
without further Ado let's begin the list
and we all know steroids play a big role
in developing the traps they have a lot
of enogen receptors as well as the
shoulders so we already know but it
helps to also mention what these guys
did to make that traps stand out so much
apart from genetics of course you know
because not everybody does some steroids
as big ass traps you know look at KY
Green and bosi I love those guys but
they got shitty ass traps you know traps
look like mine and they're on the
[ __ ] juice anyway guys let's get it
number five Dorian Yates Dorian [ __ ]
Yates you guys should know by now Yates
one of my favorite bodybuilders of world
time as well he's definitely in my top
six I won't say top five he's definitely
my top six bodybuilders he had six trap
development sick trap development uh
upper traps were there as you can tell
in this picture but it was really mid
traps as you can see from this picture
here he had a sick sick sick mid and
lower trap development um as obvious as
well as uh white ass lats but his Rome
boys and mid traps were just insane it
was another shot here you can see the
thickness of his traps they were [ __ ]
amazing so during is to number five at
number four we have my man Kevin levone
watch my other videos you know he's my
top he's my top two favorite Batts of
all time and it was it was very very
tough to move you know to put Place him
in second place because I just love
Kevin Leone simply because my top three
favorite body parts uh of all time is uh
are strong point which is traps
shoulders and triceps he had some of the
best straps as you can tell some of the
best shoulders if not the best shoulders
of all time and of course
some of the best best triceps you know
but that's coming for you know a whole
different video he's definitely going to
be in the show the video so just stay
tuned look another picture here of his
trps upward sloping like a [ __ ]
Y and he attributes his development to
heavy ass drugs if you watch a lot of
his videos he does heavy ass [ __ ]
shrugs um during Yates I forgot to
mention it was same thing you know he
was doing a lot of shugs and deadlifts
to help bring up his straps all right
let's go to number three we have Berto
Fox Berto Fox same thing he's in my top
three favorite bodybuilders of all time
in fact he's at number three uh r i
serving a sense in prison for that you
know if you guys follow bodybuilding for
years you know the whole double homicide
thing you know so it's a big shame but
he was a [ __ ] problem you know mind
you he was in the 80s and he had some
big ass traps and if you know in the 80s
people 70s 80s people didn't really care
about back developments you know
especially upper trap it was mostly
chest and arms and things like that but
anyway he had sick traps you know look
at this picture right here crap
BS insane
development back another back back shot
I only he had upper traps but you can
see his midback look his neck is
disappearing guys that is a sick ass
look now same thing you know he
attributed development to mainly upright
rolls he had his own you know you know
variation of upright rolls where it
looked like a clean if I could find a
video I'll show you guys but it's mly
like a upright row but he'll bring the
ball a lot higher and also he was a
strong ass [ __ ] most of these
guys were strong as fu
I'm going to get to that in the
end there goes another shot here the
1983 M lampia where I personally believe
he you know he should have won you know
he got robbed destroyed Le Haney I mean
in this picture it doesn't look like Le
Haney you know trains
arms just look at the upper traps you
know forget AR this video is about upper
traps look at the traps of BR Fox
compared to those of Lee Haney and mind
you Lee Haney you know was not a a
pushover he had a sick midback
development as well but just to show you
how insane BTO Fox tra development was
all right let's let's go to number two
you guys are ready for this boom none
other than Ronnie Coleman and it was
inanely hard to place him at number two
because he would have been number one if
it wasn't for you know you guys already
know who number one is I made so many
videos about him the number one in this
list is my favorite body build of all
time but anyway Ronnie Coleman look at
his upper track development look at the
difference between the the distance
between his chin and his [ __ ] upper
chest you see that [ __ ] difference
all that space right there is [ __ ]
traps guys like like he had some high
ass traps obviously from doing a lot of
heavy deadlifts lot of shrugs you know
he Lov shrugs and don't forget the tball
roll that will stretch the [ __ ] out of
his traps there was another picture
right here [ __ ] insane guys insane
shot look at the midback just just pops
out everything just comes up guys not
rnie com because he was so big you know
everyone forgets how massive his traps
were you know insane almost looks photo
shot there was another shot right hair
as you can tell upper traps for
days another shot of his back just so
much thickness so much muscle on the guy
all right honorable mention before I
give you the first place we have Dexter
Jackson sick trap development pops
attitud when he's doing the crab PA like
on the picture right here it's almost
all his crapshot pictures look like they
photoshop but they actually not you know
I watch him in every single Olympia and
I just wait for him to do that pause to
just come out at you brench Warren is
another honorable Mansion sick tra
development look at that and he also has
back you know midback action based on
this picture right here another thing
that all these guys have in common is
they're all strong as [ __ ] you know the
top five bodybuilders the top five traps
of all time come from bodybuilders were
also some of the strongest bodybuilders
ever brench Warren Johnny Jackson Ronnie
Coleman Berto Fox darne y they're in the
top 10 strongest battle builds of all
time so there goes another broad signs
correlation for you it's no coincidence
the strongest guys are some big ass
traps even Naturals you know people like
Marco hanza things like that and there
goes without further Ado number one
Johnny Jackson Johnny Jackson my
favorite bodybuilder of all time best
straps in the history of the game I mean
his tank TP is struggling struggling to
stay on look at that guys there was a sh
of his traps from the back see the
thickness there goes another shot you
can tell Hees a lot of deadlifts look at
the [ __ ] Erectors guys look at the
mid and low trap Dev
elopment another shot right
here another
shot look at his traps from the front
stretching the [ __ ] out of his tank
top you can see another shot here of him
doing some rows he has veins on his
traps how many people do you know have
veins on their [ __ ] traps guys and
yes he attributed his TR development to
like I said dead Li shrugs upright rolls
all that good stuff but don't forget he
also used to use the traps a lot when he
was a kid he said his first job was
involved picking up pallets and putting
them on trucks and he I think he was
like 10 years old and it if you think
about it picking up Palace is like doing
the upright row and the power clean if
you watch my videos on nuclear overload
you know that training a muscle every
day or using that muscle every day you
know for an extended period of time
carries over to bodybuilding when you
start bodybuilding boom you know that
muscle just pops out at you so there's
definitely some genetics involved as far
as some substance use but you got to you
know hand it to him in terms of using
strs a lot plus he used to do strug
every [ __ ] day when he was a teenager
you got you put all those things
together and you have a [ __ ] monster
all right guys that's it hope you enjoy
the video stay tuned for the next one
it's going to be on shoulders comment
below give me your top five if you
disagree with mine uh there's a lot of
people that that were going to make the
top five but just couldn't crack the you
know you know the ones that I got but I
would like to read the comments to see
what you guys think also don't forget to
put your questions down for the next Q&A
you know right video question before you
comment I want to use that for the next
video all right guys
dominate segments so go in the comment
section and just vote vote on what you
think is your most requested uh topic
and then obviously the one that has the
most likes are the ones are going to
prioritize in case let's
