and last but not least the third most
powerful technique you could use to keep
breaking through plateaus is
hey what's going on megan here all right
today's monday so we're going to answer
questions on the reddit related to
maximizing muscle growth and myofibular
protein genesis so i'm going to click
here muscle growth maximization all
right and let's pick this question how
do i stop myself from a plateau and keep
gaining muscle age 13 i laughed so hard
when i saw that because i thought you
were trolling at first but if you're
really 13 and probably see you you know
i wish i had started this early
um height six feet lucky [ __ ]
weight 160 body type skinny fat race
indian hours laugh when i see that it's
like trust me you don't need to put your
race
um it doesn't really tell me anything
since you could easily be an outlier um
experience newbie well you better be a
newbie at 13 like what the [ __ ]
you would have put advanced at 13
you know i would have uh i would have
second guessed that but anyway i've been
doing full body for quite some time and
i've made some gains but i've started to
plateau nowadays since i'm skinny fat i
can't necessarily bulk a cut
so i've been doing a very slight caloric
deficit it works better for me to lose
fat i want to get bigger and have more
muscle
uh parentheses uh lose fat gain muscle
blah blah
what can i do to my diet workouts or
general routine to really start putting
on my muscle and lose my fat i have fat
on my chest hips stomach legs i added my
rates just to know if there are any big
genetic factors involved
um i work out at home i have a cable
machine squat rack and bench i work out
three to four days a week i do four sets
of 12 to 16 reps for each exercise
squats having none this week due to
injury flat ball by bench press
standing uh bubba rose i can do cable
exercises such as lat pull down
also but i like my compound movements a
lot um which you should uh standing
dumbbell bicep curls
anyway so long story short i'm just
going to focus on this part of your
question how do you stop yourself from
plateauing all right so now just for you
i'm going to answer this for you
obviously for everybody else that has a
similar question
um and this is again from experience
guys rule number one
it's as simple as possible but trust me
this is crucial rule number one injuries
you have a repeat you have to reduce the
risk of injuries when i was a teenager i
didn't give a [ __ ] about injuries i
thought you know every teenager thinks
they're immortal right we don't look
long-term we teenagers at least most of
us right we think short-term short-term
short-term um and i've accumulated so
many injuries throughout the years right
because again i didn't care i barely did
warm-ups i did a lot of risky exercises
uh i kept adding weight and weight to
the ball because i thought i was the
only way to get bigger was to just keep
adding weight you know because it was so
much misinformation back in days um and
long story short i piled up so many
injuries right
left shoulder [ __ ] up right shoulder
[ __ ] up lower back is toast left knee
right knee uh plus the ankle from the
motorcycle so
it's not worth it right all these
injuries could have easily been avoided
right so the first thing i will tell you
is try to reduce your risk of injuries
and how stick to exercises that are
worth it right you don't have to do free
weights all the time right free weight
exercises are overrated
right they have their pros
trust me i could list all the pros of
free weight exercises but they also have
a lot of cons right so do movements uh
that highly reduce your risk of injury
machines are fine cables are fine
um i'm no longer a big fan of dumbbells
especially for pressing right because a
lot of injuries not just for myself but
you know a lot of my clients and friends
have been doing you know heavy dumbbell
pressing because trust me as you get
stronger and stronger and stronger you
use obviously more and more weight and
that's when you make you have one bad
day of bad sleeping bad hydration bad
whatever and then boom you snap
something right uh yeah using machines
you know you're not releasing your
stabilizer muscles but in exchange for
that your form is going to be better and
you're able to pull out more tension you
know more mechanical attention on the
muscle fibers because there's more
stability so try to use more machines
than cables if you can
right especially if your goal is
hypertrophy if you don't really care
about strength you don't really care
about maximizing your strength because
obviously your strength is going to go
up as you build muscle anyway
but if you're not a power lifter then
you don't have to deadlift i know that's
sacrilegious out there but you don't
have to deadlift you don't have to
squire you don't have to bench
um
the reason why i still program this
movement is because most people like
them um i like them despite my injuries
but
if i could go back in time to be honest
i would just stick to machines and
cables
injuries will set you back
so much trust me
all right because the time will take you
just to
rehabilitate your injury or even get
back to break even you know that's a lot
of muscle you would have left the you
know that's a lot of gains you're going
to leave on the table right most people
never get back to where they used to be
all right my bench press has been stuck
at 3 15 for five to six reps for like
two years
because my left and right shoulder
injury just kick in the moment i try to
even increase the weight
right and i have to bounce the you know
the weight of my chest every time
because my shoulders hurt so [ __ ] bad
and i injured my shoulder back when i
was 16. so think about that injuries
will nag you for a long time right same
reason why i can't do rack pulls anymore
my favorite exercise right i can't
deadlift anymore i can't even do bend
over rolls i have to do chest supported
rows right because of the lower back
injury that i that i had over 10 years
ago so i could go on and on and give you
so many examples you know my friends and
and other acquaintances who got injured
it's just not working so that's number
one number two you only need three
exercises and stick to those three
exercises for as long as you can
right most muscle groups small muscles i
should say only need three exercises max
and that's pushing it right that's
that's that's max some only need two
which is why in hsp training you have
three exercises you have your heavy lift
your weighted stretch lift and your pump
lift right that's all you need you don't
need six exercises you don't need eight
you know uh for a small muscle right now
when you talking about something like
back again back is not a muscle back is
a collection of a bunch of muscles um
but when i say small muscle i mean like
bicep tricep you know uh your your side
delts
your lats right uh you only need three
exercises max
that obviously training muscle from a
different angle right you don't want to
do redundant uh movements so for each
muscle that you want to grow take three
movements and focus on these movements
for as long as you can
right you want to progressively overload
on those movements you want to uh
increase volume on those movements over
time
right don't flip-flop left and right
because trust me you're never gonna
really establish a good mind muscle
connection with the exercise you're
gonna have to relearn the movement
patterns uh you know that's just gonna
set you back so just pick three
movements
that you're comfortable doing they have
a low risk of injury that put maximum
tension on the muscle without obviously
again increasing the risk for injury and
then simply make those movements your
[ __ ]
right and everyone is different
everybody everyone's
uh
body type is different so you don't have
to just copy and paste which you see
just pick whatever feels right that's
why i said use the pump as the guy the
pump is the ultimate guide when it comes
to finding the best exercise for you if
you can't get a pump
you know especially on your stretch day
if you're doing it just be training on
your stretch day and then your pump day
if you can get a pump doing the movement
and you're doing everything else right
you're sleeping right you're eating
right you whatever but somehow you get a
much better pump on that same muscle
with a different exercise then pick that
one right who cares what anybody says
online
pick what feels right for you
because like i always say the pump is a
sign that you
targeting the actual muscle targeting
your fat stretch fibers and training
them to exhaustion because that's the
only way you're going to get a maximum
pump
so that's rule number two just pick
three movements per muscle for small
muscle and just focus on those for the
rest of your life
last but not least mto reset
so underrated you have to aim to reset
every four to six weeks take a week off
at least a week off watch my videos name
to reset so i don't you know go over too
many details but
that's one of the most underrated things
that you could do if you want to break
through plateau every time me my clients
my friends year after year after year
every time we inventory said we come
back better stronger fresher obviously
the first day back you know you're gonna
feel a little weak because you haven't
lifted in
uh you know at least a week but your
strength is gonna
blow up like crazy every time right
because you're resetting your central
nervous system
you're resetting mto obviously so let's
go that's what i call that i'm sorry he
said you're resetting your androgen
receptors keep in mind that you can't
just keep lifting forever right if that
was the case we will all be like the
hulk we'll all walk around the faster
you grow the faster your body up
regulates myostatin
and other pathways to make it harder and
harder for you to keep growing right
so you have to drain keep in mind i'm
not saying deloading you have to d train
m to a reset
and every time you come back you see
you're gonna keep breaking plateaus both
in size and strength
right let it right take that break i
know it sucks and trust me everyone that
says oh man it's so hard for me to do an
mtr reset i mean i love the gym now
you're not [ __ ] training hard enough
right because
everybody on my program is begging for
m2 reset if you're training hard enough
with enough weekly volume enough
frequency for 90 to maximize gains
you're going to beg for an amateur reset
if you could train past six weeks
without taking an mtar reset you'd be
training like a [ __ ] right around the
four week mark you should be exhausted
and that's what sleeping right eating
right
right the body was simply not built
to constantly be on the high weekly
volume
week after week after week after week
which is why growth slows down
dramatically past that point so
take a break every four to six weeks
usually all my clients every four weeks
they're taking an amateur reset and when
they come back they break through
plateaus like crazy
right give your satellite cells a chance
to accumulate to fuse and donate
myonuclei give your m total chance to
reset give your androgen receptors a
chance to re-sense into acid training
right give your joints
a chance to recover right to transfer
your body to
lower stress lower cortisol blood trust
me you will love how you feel after
every m2 reset break right not to
mention you're also going to prevent
adrenal burnout and stuff like that and
resensitize your dopamine receptors blah
blah blah those are my three tips number
one avoid injuries at all costs number
two stick to the same movements
about three exercises per muscle max
right ideally in hsp format and last but
not least the third most powerful
technique you could use to keep breaking
through plateaus is you utilize
inventory sets all right hope this video
helps i'm out of here all right guys
don't forget to like or share the video
subscribe and hit the bell and buy my
hsp nucleus of a little training program
it's the ultimate program for maximum
muscle growth it includes full body
workout splits bro splits push pull
home workouts you name it also comes
with a complete guide for macros
nutrition fat loss muscle growth
hormones including a meal plan it's
pretty much all my 16 years of
experience
condensed into one [ __ ] book you're
also gonna get free copies of any future
edition so visit team3d alpha.com and
you can use the forty percent off coupon
code nucleus overlord or you could just
buy this [ __ ] at full price alright guys
i'm out of here
