hey guys what's going on Megan here this
is part two of the series how to lower
estrogen and therefore increasing your
testosterone levels uh make sure you
watch the whole video where I combine
all the four strategies of stop black
destroy remove and make sure you watch
the one that was before that which is
Paul one right obviously stop by no stop
mean stop Aroma tase by stopping arom
you're going to stop the production of
um estrogen number two is uh which what
I'm doing now black estrogen receptor so
that I'm going to explain that in this
video number three is uh destroy
estrogen by turning into a different
different compounds that are less poent
and sometimes useless and number four is
you want to remove estrogen from your
body what's called I get to that later
so why do you want to Black ex number
one in case you didn't in case this your
first video you didn't watch the other
videos why do you want to stop exen why
do you want to lower estrogen if you a
body Bo you trying to get lean shredded
or you just trying to put on muscle m in
general first thing estrogen is yes this
hormone is derived from testosterone in
males and other androgens and um it's
needed just like any hormone in the body
is needed but in excess we have a
problem especially when you're trying to
build muscle it's going to make you hold
water right you're going to have a lot
of water retention it's going to give
you a more feminized look right you're
going to look all smooth and stuff like
that it's going to if you have too high
too high estrogen you're going to have
low testosterone right because estrogen
increases the production of sex hormone
Bing globulin which binds to your
estrogen and your testosterone and makes
your testosterone inactive you don't
want that uh estrogen is also going to
lower your body's ability to produce
more testosterone because of negative
feedback all that stuff feedback loop
it's going to go to your brain until
your brain and start making homones you
don't want that um do a lot of bad
things obviously when your tone levels
are low because the high estrogen you're
going to have mood issues depression a
lot of times people are like oh my God I
lost my drug I lost my motivation I
don't know what's wrong with me and N
Out of 10 of these people have really
really high estrogen levels and you can
tell by that belly fat and then just
their body composition so estrogen is
bad for bodybuilders right too much of
it is bad and that's why a lot of
bodybuilders when inject themselves with
steroids also take estrogen blockers
because a lot of the times the
testosterone gets converted into
estrogen right that's why in part one of
this series I'm showing you guys how to
stop aromates which is the enzyme that
turns your testosterone into estrogen so
um land that aside here's how you black
estrogen receptors now why do you want
black estrogen receptors for you guys
out there who don't know what a receptor
is pretty much you have a hormone right
I'm going to draw it out for
you uh let's say you have your
hormone estrogen it's floating around
the blood blah blah blah this is your
muscle cell let's say it's your it's
your titty cell right cuz estrogen gives
you [ __ ] tits kind of like in my
situation but but my my mus it's a
little different but anyway so you have
your uh your cell here here's your
nucleus your DNA blah blah blah DNA um
your estrogen hormone is going to come
in go through the cell and it's going to
need a estrogen receptor just like it's
to Stone needs an androgen receptor
estrogens need estrogen receptors to
enter the DNA or let's say they're
already in the DNA they need ex receptor
to you know activate with co-activators
and start doing you know cesis start
making your [ __ ] T bigger making your
fat whatever estrogen does it needs a
receptor in order to do that right so
let's say your receptors are around the
surface or inside doesn't matter right
without those receptors estrogen cannot
Dock and come inside the DNA and do any
of it [ __ ] right estrogen can't express
itself without a receptor so what you
want to do in step two is you want to BL
estrogen receptors cuz if you BL The
receptors with some other [ __ ] right
which I'm going to show in this video
now exen is is left floating around and
has very very little uh docking space to
come in and do a [ __ ] so number one
number two part of this video is you
want to find ways
to you chill chill you want to find ways
to block those receptors and I'm going
to show you how you can do this to food
bodys do it through steroids and drugs
uh there's also foods that actually do
that and once again this comes from a
lot of research because of cancer
patients right females that have a lot
of breast cancer have to find ways to
block estrogen receptors so you know to
kind of slow down the growth of tumors
so these things are proven I'm only
going to show show you guys the things
that are proven by SS to Black Exogen
receptors uh you have vitamin K right
and I'm going to put here in the
parentheses some of the foods that have
you know whatever I mentioned on the
left side now don't don't be intimidated
by those things guys they have very big
scientific names but all you have to do
is simply go to Google and type uh top
10 foods high in vitamin K right and
then pick whatever one you want whatever
one you think is the most powerful cuz
you want to make sure your nutrition is
foods that you actually like so out of a
big big pool of foods pick what you
think you're going to eat for a long
time so your diet will last as long as
possible so vitamin K you have broccoli
or kale right um I'm going to put these
in the description so you can go copy
and paste it you have Gan Stein I can't
pronounce that [ __ ] soy has that and the
reason why those things work is because
they're called phyto estrogens what they
do is they're similar to estrogen so
that they're bind to the estrogen
receptor but they're not as powerful
estrogen meaning they will bind to your
receptors but they won't give you the
same effects that estrogen give you the
negative effects estrogen give you so
you have gon which is found in soy you
have Lenas which is find in flax seeds
and nuts you have dine which is find in
soy flour or soy protein you have
glycine which is fine as soy protein
isolate a lot of soy products have there
now I used should be really really
scared of soy I still am but you don't
have to worry if your Exogen levels are
too high then you want to consider doing
this right you're not going to get biger
B from eating these Foods cuz like I
said they're not as powerful as uh as
estrogen you have gtin you have kumin
which is found in pinto beans and you
have isof flavor ones which is also a
phytoestrogen finding chick bead don't
worry about their names pronunciation I
can't pronounce half of that [ __ ] I'm
just going to put in the description put
in the comment section and you could
just type top 10 food's highest and
blank blank blank and make your own
grocery list all right right that's it
guys hope this helps good luck blacking
your Exogen receptors now once again you
can't just pick one of these things and
isolate it you got to do everything in
in you know in the group as a whole so
make sure you watch all my other videos
on this topic you want to block your
recept at the same time you want to stop
a ROM and do the very you know
everything that comes into the picture
right so don't just try to eat broccoli
and then train like an idiot or sleep
like an idiot and you know expect toy
gains hope this helps guys one more time
all right I'm
at then this was me at
162 well at the end of my last cut look
at me trying to look go sexy guys look
at this no not looking bad not looking
bad this is me when I discovered carback
loading saved my [ __ ] life look at
this I put on size I was at 175 here put
on size and maintain my sixpack
