all right guys this going on Megan here
showing y this uh super set that I do um
in my full body workouts to save a lot
of time and get a lot of blood into the
muscle so obviously you remember this
clip from the I don't know if I posted
that video already from the uh 40 second
time in detention uh
you know mil City military press for
people that have a hard time you know
getting the contraction in the front and
side DS when they're doing pressing
movements a lot of people struggle with
that they say Megan after I do a lot of
pressing movements I still don't feel
the you know that pump that tightness in
in the shoulder muscle so I gave him
this thing you know it's one thing that
I do and it really really helps with
feeling the contractions on your
shoulders it's a c military press for 40
seconds right does matter how many reps
you do just cut the way uh pretty uh um
to a reasonable way and then superet
with this right seated side lateral was
very strict you notice before I did the
movement go back a little bit I
retracted my scapula right and then I go
up and down so there goes Matt doing it
up here um same thing right by the way
look at the improvements that Matt made
man look at that I'm going to put the
picture on the screen you see that [ __ ]
on the right side of the screen look how
skinny Matt was malnourished ass man
until he started bodying bodybuilding
saved all of our Lives I had my skinny
fat genetics he had the the smeo uh
genetics Gollum genetics and um you know
we made we played with the hands we
dealt guys we made the best out of and
we still growing so anyway he's doing
the same thing 40 second time of
detention um 40 seconds to a minute we
trying to go for a minute but uh it's
it's it's pretty [ __ ] hard trust me
and the weight is is actually looks
light but you holding that [ __ ] above
your head for up to a minute and it
counts man the lactic acid is crazy the
weight is not a problem it's just the
burn and it's it's really what you need
to start filling the muscles keep the
muscle under tension constant tension
and eventually when you go back to the
gym you'll notice that you have those
pumps again you start feeling you know
the the pump in your side delts uh
people say pump the pump is irrelevant
but I tell you right now every muscle I
could get a pump in grows and every
muscle that I find it hard to get a pump
in on my body sucks ass so hey you do
the math there you know I don't need a
scientist to explain that to me but
anyway uh nice super set try out saves a
lot of time uh 40 seconds of uh pressing
to a minute super seted with 40 seconds
to a minute of side laterals you do that
for a few weeks and I guarantee you
start feeling your shoulders tight and
full I'm out
[Music]
