hey guys what's going on Megan here
finally the top five exercises for
triceps for bigger arms right you'd be
amazed I made a lot of videos about
triceps already you guys know it's one
of my one of my obsessions I love
triceps U not a big fan of biceps but I
have to train see because you know
doesn't hurt to have some guns but I
love triceps and obviously you want to
have big arms you got to focus on your
tries everybody knows that right it's
two3 about 77% of your arms the bigger
your triceps are not only the easier it
is for your arms to hug the sleeves but
it doesn't hurt to have this right you
see what see what I mean so uh and I'm
I'm still going for the Roy Winkle
tricep man I think him and Kevin lone
probably feel number three probably the
best Tri I've ever seen right and
obviously my goal is to match that natur
grab this they're not going to be as big
but I want them to be as uh uh naturally
meaty you know what I mean no that sound
all right so the top five tricep
exercises obviously based on Research I
put the research at the top and the Bro
sign at the bottom right I know you guys
can't see it don't worry I'm going to
read it for you so I'm here for but you
guys know this this Channel's philosophy
since day one combining science and bro
signs finding out the Common Thread
where they balanced at right you can't
just look at the scientific findings
because everybody's body is different uh
the sample that they use for the studies
is relatively small compared to the rest
of the population so it gives you an
idea where to start but you can't just
rely on that you also got to balance it
out with people who have done it people
who have big owns whether they're
natural or not right uh so and then at
the end of the day you kind of see the
the reoccurring them so the number one
exercise cuz I've been studying triceps
for so long right when you try to combat
average genetics you you do as much
research as possible and everything that
I look at whether it's a EMG study or
those old school studies I look at all
the old school bodybuilders whatever the
exercise that we occurs the most and
it's number one on the list is dips
right and once again it's the exercise
that that it's the top of the charts in
the scient scientific studies and the
Bro Science circles dips you can't beat
dips if you don't believe it just look
at the average uh uh gymnast right all
they do is dipping motion they have
amazing triceps a lot of them never even
touch the weight in Liv right so uh I'm
I'm talking about the natural ones
obviously so dips make sure this is make
sure at the end of the video I want you
guys to write this down make sure these
exercises are somehow incorporated into
your arm routine right whether you're
doing splits or full body push pool make
sure you incorpor them if you can do all
five obviously try to split them up
where you do some on Monday some on
Wednesday some on Friday but you got to
benefit from these exercises because
they have simply no equal so obviously
number one is dips uh you could do it
obviously when you're doing dips for
your triceps you don't want to lean
forward too much you kind of want to
kick your legs back it's going to help
your body stay up you know stay up right
or you could use a Hammer Strength
machine I prefer to use uh the natural
body weight dips because once again body
weight exercises stimulate F fibers more
than machine exercises so I prefer to do
it on the B you could do it on the bench
these are these are believe it or not
even doing bench dips where you just
putting your your feet on the bench for
10 to 12 reps is going to fr while your
tricep you're going to have this amazing
feeling this amazing pump so dips bench
dips whatever you [ __ ] want make sure
you throw them in and don't use too much
on your chest number two which is a
shocker is diamond push-ups you'd be
amazed at how much tricep activation you
get from diamond push-ups you don't
believe me pick a pick average guy that
works out right I've been working out
for a year or more he could pump out
reps on the press down he could do dips
whatever have him down to do uh basic
diamond push-ups he won't even be able
to get eight perfect reps in right maybe
10 right just to show you how hard is
not because you're not used to it
because you simply not only controlling
your body weight but you activating your
triceps to a crazy extent you doing this
I'm not going to get down and do it if
you want Google the video of diamond
push-ups it's pretty much just this
right it's it's kind of like doing U
it's not skull crushes it's not like
doing press Downs it's his own [ __ ]
thing just do it right diamond push-ups
I don't know how to explain it but it
just activates your Tri Set uh crazy so
and it's also uh it also score very
[ __ ] high on a lot of EMG study
number three skull crushes the big the
big daddy tricep exercises skull has
been around for decades right all the
old school guys before all the machines
came out we doing mainly Skull Crushers
and dips so do a lot of Skull Crushers
be careful for your elbow a lot of
people have elbow pains doing scull
crushes myself included so try to
Incline the seat a little bit if you
incline the seat you won't feel that
pain you could also try to use cables
but I don't know as far as putting mask
on my home I like doing cable at the end
uh
uh so Skull Crushers put them a little
incline number four I hate that exercise
but for some reason a lot of you guys
can also testify this you cannot match
the pump you get from them that cramp
you get on the back the long head of
your triceps Kickbacks right Believe It
or Not Kickback scores really [ __ ]
high on every single EMG test on tricep
activation um basic dumb Kickbacks right
you can use a lot of weight but for for
a lot of lifters out there you got to
agree that when you doing Kickbacks you
get a feel in your tricep that you don't
get from any other exercise right and um
it's not surprising that it's caed so
high as far as long head activation
right Long Head this the long head of
your triceps the the part actually hangs
down I wish mine hang down but you know
what I mean so try to find a way to
throw cake backs in like I said I don't
like doing them because you can't go too
heavy but it's it's not always about the
weight guys I told you it's about
activating those um fous fibers so Kake
backs oate the L head of your of your of
your triceps which is also the most
important head out of all three heads uh
this is the outer Head n it's all right
right the long head is really what gives
you arm that sweep so you want to make
sure you get that from the side number
uh number five is any overhead extension
movement right that's great for the long
head of your triceps uh The French Press
is the is the most famous one where you
basically just take a dumbbell or a
barbell and do extensions I prefer a
dumbbell cuz it feels more natural but
you can do it with the Rope you could do
it with the the ball easy Ball but like
I said the dumbb is easier for me that
exercise is a [ __ ] for your triceps
guys that [ __ ] activates your L head
like a [ __ ] so overhead
extensions at number five and honorable
mensions from the Bro Science World this
is what I feel works I said I was I'm
was going to give you guys science and
pro science a lot of Pros swear about
closed Gade bench presses unfortunately
the closed G bench press didn't score
very hard on all these EMG tests and
[ __ ] because your you know your chest
comes into play your upper packs believe
it or not activated a lot doing the Clos
grp bench press your front does come
into play a little bit so it's iffy but
I'm not going to completely delete it
because a lot of people swear by it so
try it out and see how your games
respond and then obviously press down I
press this at the bottom because it's
not worth putting on that [ __ ] list
who doesn't do press Downs right basic C
with press downs and the reason why it's
not in the top five is because a lot of
people build gray triceps in the days
before the machines came about so you
could definitely build great triceps
without press downs but there's no point
to put on the list because you should be
doing this sh anyway right especially to
warm up your elbows hope this video
helps guys dips diamond push-ups skull
crushes Kickbacks overhead extensions
and optional Clos grip bench and press
Downs those are guaranteed if you do
them consistently with a good diet you
know good everything you guaranteed to
have nice developed triceps and so join
me on the road guys I'm still I'm still
working on it right I love triceps but
for some reason my outer head I focus
too much on my outer head and very on my
on my long ha so now I'm on the road to
getting a big meaty hanging long ha all
right guys I'm out of
here y Come On Son anyway so y let's
let's make a video and show how we came
with these insiders and we spend like
the last 10 minutes
laughing first one is you have to you
have to
