I'm making here another video on the
arena I know I haven't made videos in
the arena for a long time apologize um
but uh I'm back at it right so this one
is around any comment right so you guys
know again I'm a researcher at H I love
doing research when I was uh trying to
figure out the fastest ways to build
muscle you know to stop being a scunny
skinny fat [ __ ] I researched everyone
and everything I looked at professional
bodybuilders that run a juice I looked
at natural bodybuilders I looked at my
friends I looked at you know Sports I
looked at movie you know I mean I mean
everything you can think about right if
it involved building muscle I looked at
it I looked at cancer research uh
everything everything right so that's
why I'm able to draw from such a huge
pool of information you know cuz I'm
looking at people that were trying to
build muscle for cuz that's what their
their their career was and also look at
people who were trying to build muscle
because they were [ __ ] you know like
dying on on a hospital bed and the
doctors were like we got to find a way
to increase that muscle mass they just
wasting weight you know and when you
look at all those things signs B Signs
whatever you you find the common threats
you know which is my number one strategy
I look for the common threat right you
find what really works you know and you
filter out the the
fluff one person that I looked at was of
course Ronnie Coleman you know I mean I
looked at everybody Builder there is you
know that that had a phenomenal physique
and of course you know when I do this
research I I take to consideration of
drugs I take to consideration of
genetics and things like that that's so
I look at a vast amount of people in
research so I could see what is not
correlated with the steroids or the
genetics you know and um I looked at
what Ronnie Coman did of course don't
get me wrong genetic freak right this
guy was massive before he even started
bodybuilding um and powerlifting but
there's definitely some things that he
did that that are backed up by science
you know that that applies to the Irish
showe so that's the purpose of this
Arena Series right so little
introduction here for you let's get
straight to it five things that I've
learned from Ronnie kman from studying
him his workouts his philosophies number
one he trained every muscle at least
twice a week at least twice a week right
so even doing splits he he was you know
ahead of the curve I want to sayead of
the curve because that's actually old
school as hell but he knew that
frequency was very important right so he
trained every muscle at least twice a
week right that includes back that
includes legs that includes chest right
so yes you know he was under juice yes
he had great genetics but he was also
out working a lot of other bodybuilders
we doing everything once a week and of
course we know that even for nates the
most important thing is you know other
than Progressive overlo and all that
it's frequency right if volume is
equated
frequency uh wins if two people are
doing 20 sets a week the person who's
doing you know you know 10 sets 10 sets
he's going to put on more you know more
size long term another person doing once
you know one set a week I mean one
session a week of 20 sets you know
that's been proven so many times so
again not toing my own horn here but
I've been telling you guys for years
frequency is king So Ronnie K was ahead
of his uh I should [ __ ] say that
again this is not this is old school
because all know and then all the guys
KN you know knew this years ago so
that's one second thing he did was he
kept it very simple I was amazed at how
simple he kept it when he came to
exercise selection he focused on
efficiency the best
exercises for every muscle so he focused
on the heavy compound movements he did
isolation work don't get me wrong but
that was always at the end you know legs
squats and lunges you know uh for back
thickness and traps it did you know
deadlifts and
shrugs uh you know for you know mid trap
and Romeo region he did rows heavy rows
you know
for you know biceps and triceps he did
he did the basic exercises right the the
bread and but
meat and potato exercises so he kept it
very simple nothing fancy you know he
was doing a lot of straight heavy sets
um so so yeah so that's the second thing
all right you don't have to do a bunch
of crazy out of the world [ __ ] to get
results keep it basic you know keep it
heavy keep it simple right number three
different workouts he alternated between
workouts which is another thing that's
very crucial a lot of people forget
about this right he always did remember
he trained twice a week right I mean he
trained mon twice a week but he always
alternated he never did the same workout
twice right so if today was uh for
example back he had heavy he had the
the the pull down day where he was
focusing on wi right and then he had the
rolling day right so he always I hly
kept his body guessing but he was always
recruiting different fibers you know
different angles different planes you
know this way it maximize our pery all
around as opposed to just doing pull
Downs all the times or just rolls all
the time right uh for chess he would do
ball Bell one day was only bbell presses
the they was done by presses you know
and um that's again why does that work
simple because if you when you change
the angle you change the plan of course
you activating some do muscle fibers
you're activating different stabilizer
muscles if you're going from bbell to
dumbbell you know you pretty much
maximizing the hypertrophy all across
the board right so very important number
four both rep ranches both R ranches
like I always preach he did heavy and
High Reps he was known for his heavy ass
list but most people forget that he
always went for the pump you know yes he
did heavy ass exercises the heavy squats
and all that but he even said in so many
interviews that was mainly for the
camera he was also part of his training
because it comes from Power everything
background but um he also did a lot of
high rep work if you look at his
shoulder workouts his arm workouts even
his back workouts you know High rep
Branch I mean High rep workouts and he
also did the heavy lifing pretty much he
did both sides of the spectrum he knew
that he had to live heavy to recruit all
those [ __ ] fibers subconsciously he
he knew from his power lifting back
ground that the heavier you lift the
bigger you get right if your volume and
frequency you know all those other
things are good but he also knew about
the import going for that pump you know
which research has you know um confirmed
over and over again recently you know
cell swelling and all that stuff you
know um so yeah he trained in all rep
ranges that's why in HP training I tell
people right heavy do your heaviest
exercises right they're very efficient
it's going to help you with bone density
it's going to help you with strength
it's help you with a lot of other things
stretch do the stretching exercises and
then pump you know don't forget to get
the hypoxia don't forget to get that
occlusion effect right to activate all
those different genes and last but not
least every single day he was asked this
a very very rare uh I think it was a I
think it was a seminar I don't remember
but it's very rare because I can't even
find on YouTube anyway but somebody
asked him you know what was the secret
for bringing up Laing body p and what
did he say he said back in the days when
I wanted to bring up a ling body part I
will train that muscle every day I
guarantee you if I find a video I'll put
in the description if I find it but it
was one of those semins he did so many
and he said he did it for his calves he
did it for his biceps um he wanted to
bring something up he training every day
just like I'm telling you guys nulear so
man I didn't make that [ __ ] up guys I
did not event nucleus overlo man I just
kept researching and I just keep seeing
all those things mind you this is Ronnie
com on the elite bodybuilder who said
that mind you if you watch my Nuclear
solo videos you know you got the the guy
in Thailand and all those other stories
you know natural guys enhanced guys
athletes all these people who confirm
that training something every day for a
brief period of time it's not forever
you know does give you Superior results
you know and I could back it up too you
know with the science and the you know
all the facts and things like that but
that's a whole typ of video all right
guys so that's it that's the five things
I learned from Ronnie Coleman you know
training all rep ranges uh keep it
simple your exercise selection alternate
workouts frequency right training every
month or at least twice a week and he of
course did nuclear silad right uh what
else what else what else obviously
there's a bunch of other things but you
know those are the top five things right
because those are the top five things
that I found work also regardless of
your genetics and regardless whether you
natural your
hands hope this helps stay tuned for the
next Arena video it's probably going to
be on comment below let me know who you
want me to make an arena video CU i l
I've studied somebody has has a lot of
muscle on him I've studied him you know
years ago I still have all the [ __ ] all
the notes on my on my old laptop you
know Dorian Yates you know [ __ ] Phil
Heath Kai green you name him Branch
Warren Johnny Jackson you know Kevin
levone you know just comment below let
me know who you want me to make the next
ARA video on uh and I'll let you know
the top five things that I learned from
that person you know hope this
helps like the video if you [ __ ] with
Team 3D team through the
alpha for
