hey guys what's going on Megan here all
right this next question is from
um
Rusty you guys got some [ __ ] up names
man Rusty tromboner all right and he
said say y Megan do you still do daily
routines journals I hope you can make an
updated version all right of how you
stay di Direction all right guys so for
the new subscribers is talking about the
uh a day in the life of Team 3D video I
made years ago where I explain my daily
routine right how I have a checklist I I
have on paper now I do it on the
computer on one I just have a checklist
of things that I would do or study every
single day in order to reach my goals
right so example my my theory behind it
was if you learn one new thing a day for
the entire year so let's say you learn
uh uh one biography a day right a quick
biography just go to Wikipedia look at
the person's education early life
whatever if you do just one a day that's
what what two three minutes by the end
of the year you would have learn about
365 new people right historical figure
successful person whatever if you learn
one animal a day you know I study
animals I love animals uh they fascinate
me so if you study one animal a day for
365 days what happens you only spend
about a minute or two minutes you just
read you just put I don't know stuff
with the letter a right pick an animal
um learn about it it's Habitat how it
behaves try to get some wisdom from I
trying to get wisdom from everything in
life even animals right how it hunts how
it finds food how it protects and stuff
things like that that will only cost you
about two to three minutes by the end of
the year you just learn 365 animals
right so this what's what's the purpose
of all this obviously it helps you work
on discipline you create the right
habits and it sure you're walking
encyclopedia right you know so that's
what allows me to talk about every
[ __ ] topic I didn't get up one day
and learn all this I did a one step at a
time so yes I still do it um now it's
actually 100 things a day that I try to
do and um it's obvious see divided into
categories right so what you want to do
is you don't want to be all over the
[ __ ] place right you want to pick
three no more than three no more than
three boxes that your life revolve
around three things that are the most
important to you right going to be a
pilot obviously it's going to be three
different things the basketball player
is going to be three different things an
aspiring musician is going to be three
different things me it was stock trading
because the last two years was spent on
just trying to learn everything about
the stock market and I finally got to a
point where I'm like you know I'm like
90% there so um it was stock trading for
the last uh year year and a half uh
strategy that's like my passion learning
about you know military histry uh you
know um decision making problem solving
I like to solve problems I love strategy
and I'm a nerd and number three is
obviously you know uh the human body but
building muscle losing fat the brain
things like that right so I divided my
daily routine into those three
categories so for stocks I put a
checklist in my one note right of the
things that I had to learn you know at
the time it was short selling you know
that's my specialty I have to learn one
new pattern a day one new Candlestick
pattern a day one new Trader a day a
successful Trader that had to study I
mean I just put whatever was important
what was going to help me get from point
be as far as stocks for strategy I
studied the brain I studied one fact
about the brain a day one fact about uh
military history one tactic a day one
historical conqueror a day I mean you
know pretty much you see what I'm going
with that for for hypertrophy and
bodybuilding things like that it was
learn one uh human anatomy fact a day
you know learn one one hormone a day one
enzyme a day things like that right and
it totaled up to 100 and when I woke up
in the morning my go would just check
off that list they take me more than 2
to three hours but guess what after a
year 2 years 3 years again you become a
walk in encyclopedia you can solve
problems that every person can't because
you can borrow from so many Sciences so
yes I still do it and that's the
template I kind of use now so that's my
advice to you try to focus on this one
category the one box if you can I did
three boxes but if you can focus on just
one it'll be a lot better um and as you
start to build that discipline you'll be
able to add more things to your with
Team you know all right so I hope that
anwers your
question for
