hey guys what's going on omegan here all
right 20 muscles that show that somebody
will destroy you in the fight right so
this is assuming that this person has
fully developed uh you know whatever
that muscle is right so we're going to
go from be careful so that's average
right so if he has huge whatever muscle
I put here if it's if it's big then you
know be careful uh if I put the muscle
here then it's like man you know um not
much to worry about if I put it here
then it's actually the other way around
you might actually have a chance right
right you got this bro and if I put a
muscle here then that means that person
can fight for [ __ ] right you'll probably
destroy him if I put a muscle up here
chances are you're getting bodied right
uh if I put a muscle up here then you
got to run you got to run
um forget your pride forget your manhood
run and if I put a muscle up here
meaning if the person has that muscle
maxed out and I put it up here you got
to pull out the Glock again I don't
recommend violence but if you're in a
situation let's assume hypothetical that
the person is the aggressor right you're
minding your own business person walks
up to you with a ball
outside um and he has that developed
muscle you got to pull out the Glock
because probably running won't even help
you right so let's get started I'm going
to pick those at random if the person
has huge huge caves ah it's like me you
know there's a lot of people who use
Cavs who can't fight oh by the way
before I get all the freaking
uh you know smart asses in the comment
section saying oh muscles don't mean you
know how to fight guys we know we know
stop acting like you're freaking genius
we all know big muscles don't mean you
know how to fight on average right but
most of the time if a person has a huge
well-developed physique they know a
thing or two right at the end of the day
there's a reason why we have weight
classes right muscle mass plays a huge
role now if you're fighting a trained
Elite fighter then yeah obviously uh
muscle mass is going to have less of an
impact fact assuming that obviously uh 1
person is TR 1% is not but all else
equal this the reason we have weight
classes right power is force times
velocity what's Force masstimes
acceleration you see that mass part that
comes from
muscle okay um so let's see yeah so
person has huge calves I'm going to put
that at M all right um that doesn't
always mean I mean there's like I said
there's some old Asian ladies who have
big ass that's not doesn't mean you're
going to whoop your ass if you go in the
gym you see a lot of 60 70y old veterans
walking around with huge guys mainly
because they used to hike a lot or they
have good genetics or different
insertion so that what I'm going to put
that MTH let's say somebody has massive
triceps huge powerful triceps I'm going
to say be careful right I'm not going to
put it high I'm going to say be careful
right because obviously the person has
good pushing strength so that's going to
help them obviously with not not just
striking but if you guys get on the
ground it's probably going to help the
person in in a jiujitsu scenario or
whatever as far as uh let me see see how
else can I yeah so I'm just going to put
that be careful somebody has big triceps
just be careful um let's see if somebody
has uh a big tbia you guys know how
always [ __ ] on the tvia I'm going put
this at you got this you got this for
the simple fact that they train their
[ __ ] tbia um so don't even worry
about it uh next if the person has
that's real delts if they have huge real
delts it's like ah you know I'm going to
put it at be careful because usually
most people don't even train their real
doubts so if the person has big real DS
chances are um they're probably doing a
lot of pulling movement so be careful
because their grappling is going to be
above average uh next if a person has
huge pecs a huge chess I'm going to
say I such a broad muscle I'm going to
put be careful simply because it's such
a broad muscle these days where a lot of
guys who can't fight who are weakend
warriors will have a big chest that
doesn't mean that they're going to have
an advantage right to me it's very
similar to triceps right yes they're
going to have uh an advantage in you
know pushing but that's about it right
um just make sure they don't freaking
grab you next let's say the person has
uh huge biceps huge biceps now I know a
lot of people are going to think it's
going to go and be careful but I'm going
to put this at chances of you're getting
bodied right guys biceps play a huge
role in grappling huge role uh whether
the person is wrestling trying to take
you down whether they're trying to pull
you even in the clinch you got to use
your bicep so uh not to mention it's so
going to help with striking if they're
throwing powerful uppercuts and hugs and
whatever so I'm going to say the person
has huge biceps uh again assuming that
it's muscle and not some syn all
[ __ ] chances are you probably
getting bodied so even though it's a bro
muscle I'm still going to put it up
there right again guys this is
hypothetical this is not ass this is
assuming everyone is equal um there's
plent of guys with big bastet we can't
fight uh so let's see next if a person
has uh massive massive quads
I'm sorry I'm sorry I got to put this at
you getting B person at huge squats for
the simple fact that first of all it is
extremely hard for a natural to build
hug squats it requires a lot of
resilience a lot of mental toughness a
lot of uh you know you got to have a
higher pain threshold there's a reason
why everybody skips leg days right it is
hard to train legs so somebody has huge
quads chances are they probably play
rugby football or God forbid to play
wrestling then you better run for your
freaking life right I say play wrestling
uh they do wrestling so huge squads be
careful again that's usually the power
athletes um and plus the amount of
weight you have to be able to Squad
whether it's hack Squad regular Squad
low ball high ball even just leg press
to be able to build huge squads that
person remember watch my video on the
best monsters for fighting and for
knockout power power comes from the
lower body so be careful their grappling
is going to be good and their striking
is going to be almost got here um next
if a person has uh huge traps huge upper
traps run just run just
run the person has massive traps first
of all number one it means they don't
gear so not only their aggression might
be higher than normal but again they're
going to have all of the benefits of
being enhanced right so higher paying
threshold um and even if they're not on
gear if somebody has huge staps
naturally you should definitely run
because it's one of the hardest muscles
to build naturally one of the hardest
muscles to build naturally um so
somebody has massive traps and I'm
talking about both upper traps and mid
traps but this one is mainly upper traps
just run run their pulling strength is
going to be through the roof um there so
obviously that's going to help him with
grappling uh it's not going to help him
a lot with striking but mainly grappling
right um not too mention they're gonna
be very hard to knock out because
usually somebody has big traps they'll
tend to also have a big neck again back
to the steroids or the high testosterone
the high nren status um so they're going
to be hard to knock out and they're
going to have crazy grappling um for the
most part so just
run next if a person has massive
shoulders same thing same thing somebody
has huge delts I'm going to put this at
actually I'm not going to put this at
run because a lot of these physique
competitors have big shoulders but that
doesn't mean an all how to fight right
um so I'm going to put this at you get
any body right somebody has huge
Cannonball delts uh not only a
androgenic uh it's a highly sexual
dimorphic muscle so it's very hard to
build unless you have very high
testosterone a very high Androgen status
but obviously shoulders play a huge role
not just in grappling but in Striking so
huge delts be careful not to mention
it's very hard to build big shoulders
naturally because it's predominantly a
slow ttch muscle except for like the
side doeses but next if the person has
blocky powerful ABS nice strong call I'm
sorry you got to run you got to run it
is very very I mean you guys should know
it is very hard to have a powerful core
and on top of that remember one of the
most important body parts or groups for
fighting both grappling and striking is
your core right your lower body your
legs and your core so somebody has crazy
powerful ABS run because first that
first the mental discipline you got to
have to have powerful ABS that's one
right two you got to you got to factor
in the gear use right like I always say
it's very hard to be shredded and have a
lot of muscle at the same time naturally
so most of the time person has a great
pair of abs and is built has a lot of
muscle they're probably on gear right um
so uh so yeah definitely run right not
to mention like I said most of the
punching striking power is going to come
from the core uh same thing with o
bleach right you should definitely run
you should definitely run right guys
core is everything right in almost every
athletic sport right your core is
everything so definitely run next if
somebody has a big big powerful forearms
I'm not going to put this at run I'm
just going to say there's a high chance
you're getting body right there's a high
chance you're getting body reason I'm
not putting High because it's also very
genetic a lot of people have huge
forearms without even training them
directly um but chances are you getting
body they probably a very very strong
Grappler as well if they get a hold of
you you pretty much screwed and it helps
a lot for you know BJJ so next if a
person has and I'm going put the same
thing for you know radio so this one is
going to go here as well right uh next
if a person has powerful welldeveloped
spinal Erectors you got to run you got
to run because again it's a very hard
muscle to blow up and it means the
person does a ton of deadlifts and
hinging movements right so chances are
they're probably going to have a strong
lower body as well right um unless it's
a person who just spams you know
extensions hyperextensions which I doubt
it if somebody has powerful uh you know
spawn Erectors just run just run because
you do not Build That by doing typical
weekend warrior workouts that takes a
lot of lot of lot of pulling
um let's see next if a person
has wait did I use a did I use a muscle
twice no okay okay I don't think so all
right I think this one was was this one
upper dress I do I have Kevin L twice on
this [ __ ] I'm pretty sure this one was
uh yeah this one was yeah this one was
front F dels and this is side dels okay
yeah so if a person has massive side
delts uh let's see massive side delts
I'm going to do the same thing as
massive funs right trans are you're
getting bed right and for the same
reason that I explained earlier right
very very hard to build you know bring
up your side Del so the part the
person's probably on gear probably on
the juice they're going to have an
advantage over you regardless um again
this is assuming you guys have the same
training status training level all that
stuff next if the person has uh let's
see huge powerful glutes huge powerful
glutes I'm going
say uh huge powerful glutes I'm going
say you got to run bro you got to run
obviously for you know the reasons I
explained before right a lot of your
power is going to come from your glutes
not just in grappling not just in
wrestling but also uh in throwing
powerful punches right the most
important in fact if I had to pick the
most important muscle for fighting all
right unfortunately it's the glutes
right that's what most of you power
comes from um you know try throwing a
powerful Cross or just try throwing a
powerful punch with weak glutes good
luck with that uh let's see next same
thing with hamstrings somebody has big
powerful hamstrings I'm going to put
this at here you got to run you got to
run for the same reason why uh and in
fact look I'm putting this higher than
quads right for one why is the person
training the hamstring so this person is
not to be [ __ ] with right that's black
Air Force energy do not [ __ ] with a
person training hamstrings because it's
a painful muscle to train it's boring as
[ __ ] to train and it's extremely hard um
uh to keep training hamstrings to
failure it hurts like freaking hell it's
also a fast T you know predominantly
fast T muscle so why are they training
hamstrings guys they're probably an
athlete um and obviously hamstrings play
a role in punching power just like
glutes so they have well welldeveloped
powerful hamstrings he's not to be
[ __ ] with he has some demons he has
some
trauma let him deal with that trauma
right you do not want to be a part of
his storyline uh chances are he's the
main character all right next if the
person has a thick [ __ ] back thick
[ __ ] back like I'm talking about mid
traps R boids you know all of that stuff
right I'm going to put this at run you
got to run you got to run guys you got
to run his pulling strength is going to
be op he's going to be over 9,000 uh
he's going to be good at again grappling
he's going to be good at takedown he's
going to be good in the clinch
and he's going to be good at throwing
combinations right if he has thick upper
back not to mention CH is on gear as
well because just like upper traps is
very very hard to have that demon back
right that back thickness lot of rooll
movements that person is probably a
wrestler God forbid he's Iranian as
well then you definitely screw you know
those Iranian wrestlers are no joke you
know if he's from Georgy or some [ __ ]
but yeah thick powerful mid traps and
you also got to remember that most
people that's not a muscle so that most
people train most people just do pullups
and whatever lap pull Downs rarely do
you see people doing heavy ass rolls you
see somebody doing heavy ass rolls to
point where they have a thick back that
person has trauma he has trauma and like
I said you don't want to be a part of
his story next if a person has wide
[ __ ] lats big back wide lats that
means that person has been spamming
pull-ups you could probably do weighted
pull-ups with two three plates if not
more um that person also has some demons
I'm going to put this at run right again
his pulling strength is going to be
through the roof it's going to destroy
you if he grabs you it's going to be
great at the clinch I mean again same
reason right as this one next if a
person has a massive [ __ ] neck you
got to pull out the Glock you got to
pull out the Glock don't even run pull
it out pew pew you know that's it right
catch a charge if a person has a massive
neck I'm not just talking about like oh
look like nice aesthetic neck no I'm
talking about massive football neck you
gotta run because chances are he has big
traps as well chances are he has big
delts he also has a big upper back
chances I mean think about it how many
people when you walk down the street you
can see somebody with a big chest you
can see somebody with wide lats right
you can see all of this at the gym how
many times you walk into a gym and see a
guy with a freaking massive broadly neck
right he's going to be hard as [ __ ] to
knock out he's going to be hard to choke
it's going to be hard to put him in a
real naked choke um not to mention that
he's probably on grams of gear here
right this is not a muscle that you get
from genetics this is not a muscle you
get from accident you get that from
either training your neck so that means
you're either a wrestler a boxer right
or you do MMA whatever or you a powerful
athlete so you probably play rugby
football or you want to crap ton of
steroids because steroids will blow the
[ __ ] out of your neck right so that
means that person is not just on trt or
they're not just on testas anything no
no they're probably on everything right
DHT derivatives nelon derivatives you
know everything so somebody's up there
just pull out the Glock all right guys
that's it hope this video helps I'm out
of here
