here let me start the [ __ ] timer I've
been getting good at this man you guys
know this right videos went from being
16 20 minutes long to roughly about you
know five to seven minutes but try my
hardest uh so anyway so occlusion
training right unless You' been living
on the rock should know what occlusion
training is by now once again there are
always new subscribers a new
[ __ ] turns 15 or 16 every year
and wants to start lifting to get the
girl of his dreams or whatever the [ __ ]
he believes so now I see why a lot of
these question I get frustrated at the
questions because I used to be like man
like this [ __ ] is so old why am I still
getting questions on this but then I
forget that people are you know coming
into bodybuilding more and more and more
and more so I got to be patient with
y'all [ __ ] so quick recap on
the clusion training if you're already
familiar with it you know bear with me
if you're new then good for you all
right so hopefully you already watched
my video on the only two Pathways that
muscles use to grow watch that [ __ ]
video I'm going to have it in in the
description right because I'm going to
skip a lot of the steps to make this
video short so quick recap on how
muscles grow you have two Pathways you
have protein synthesis and that's the
building of proteins the building of
muscles and then you have satellite Cell
Activation that is when and the
satellite cells which are those blue
[ __ ] on the outside of the cell
activate multiply go inside of the
muscle cell right here so let me do an
example let me uh copy this right they
multiply then they go inside of the cell
and then they donate you know all this
additional nuclei that you see here
right and the reason why they do this is
because the more nuclei muscle has the
bigger it can expand right so the more
of these [ __ ] you have in here boom
boom boom eventually you lead to this
here where the muscle now has more room
to grow now remember if you don't have
more uh more of these nuclei let me
remove them if you don't have more of
those guys inside the muscle cell the
muscle can only grow this much it could
grow from here all the way to here right
that's about it right that's about it
because each nucleus can only contribute
that much to the domain of the you know
it has like its own little radius you
know it doesn't have authority past that
so that's why a lot of people plau like
I mentioned another video but make sure
you watch the video because I I really
hate repeating myself so anyway
so we we get to the conclusion that in
order for you to keep growing you need
to add more uh nuclei inside the muscle
cell now how do you do this I explained
there are many different ways but one of
the most popular methods is obviously
occlusion training you know occlusion
training which is simply you see this
guy here simply wrapping [ __ ] around
your arm around your leg or whatever
muscle you're training and then doing
you know lightweight work pretty much
and they found out if you look up the
hist inclusion training it's amazing the
the Asian guy who discovered it you know
they find out you get Gaines you get a
lot of Gaines from it without using
heavy weight that's why I keep telling
these [ __ ] out there who keep
preaching all you need is heavy weight
to build muscle it pisses me off so much
it's like the calorie in calorie out
[ __ ] you know using outdated
ass you know facts to try to back up the
theory and then when something else
comes out that shows them they were
wrong the ego get in a way and they just
keep you know fighting it you know
giving that misinformation there are
multiple ways for muscles to grow yes
you can get big lifting heavy weights
yes you can get build you know using
High Reps and
lightweight but maximum muscle growth
comes from a combination of both of
these factors stop preaching that
there's only one way to grow that pisses
me off you know what I mean so anyway uh
back to the typ of the video seclusion
training is simply you wrap sh around
your arm or whatever most of you
training and then you you know allows
you to grow by by lifting lighter waste
what happens is you know the blood goes
into the muscle but it's not really
allowed to come back out so you have
this buildup of lactic acid this buildup
this this this C this amazing
volumization effect right where you get
this insane pump you know and the
muscles grow right it works on old
people Japan is using it on old people
because they can't lift heavy weights it
protects your joints and your tennis and
things like that and allows you to you
know get in and out the gym very quickly
now of course it's not practical for
everybody I don't do [ __ ] you know
blood flow training because it's not
practical how you going to train your
chest with that [ __ ] you know how you
going to train your traps with that it's
not very practical but there are other
ways to uh copy occlusion training in
your in your in your training routine
you know all you got to do is have the
exact same create the exact same
environment that occlusion training
creates meaning High rep there goes you
[ __ ] out there who oh you know High
Reps is irrelevant you're only going to
build endurance High rep training is
going to you know lead to occlusion U
drop sets giant sets Tri sets
you know short rest periods all of these
things cuz all you really trying to do
is maximize the pump so you don't have
to wrap [ __ ] around your arm your legs
or your dick or whatever the [ __ ] you're
training to get it to a clue just keep
pumping it keep pumping out reps keep uh
short shoren your your your rest periods
right it's another reason why power
lifters Plateau so much because they
keep getting stronger and stronger and
stronger but the muscles stop growing
after a point even when they on steroids
why because there's only that musle
inclusion you can get with heavy weights
you know unless you constantly doing
three reps three reps three reps three
reps but then again you're not getting
enough rest period So eventually you
can't do those three reps you know so
not saying that you know and also why
when power become bodybuilders what do
they do they lower the [ __ ] weight
back to you just get stronger you get
bigger dumbasses they lower the weight
and they increase the volume they
increase the total reps right
powerlifters this is powerlifters they
they're known for lifting heavy ass
weight but when they want to switch to
bodybuilding they don't say oh let's
just increase the weight more we're
doing in power lifting no [ __ ]
they reduce the
weight all right because they understand
that by simply lifting heavy and heavy
and heavy and heavy you get to a point
where it's more of a neural output than
a mus you know than a muscular output so
guys stop arguing with the facts stop
arguing with you know the anecdote stop
arguing with the signs you know just get
with the program you want to grow you
got to maximize all the different
Pathways leave your ego at the [ __ ]
door right stop subscribing to a theory
and holding on to it just because you
know you don't want to be proven wrong
it's okay science is an evolving field
it's always [ __ ] growing right stop
tying your ego to these [ __ ] things
all right so I hope this this video is
supposed to be on inclusion training and
I'm getting so [ __ ] mad from these
messages that I'm going off topic but
I'm close to my uh to my limit hope this
answers your question on inclusion
training it's all about maximizing blood
flow maximizing the pump right and
leading to the activation and
recruitment of more of these [ __ ]
satellite cells that will go inside the
muscle cell proliferate multiply
differentiate fuse and lead to this
thing that you see here which is a
bigger muscle that has more nucleus more
nuclear which allow it to synthesize
more proteins all right guys um hope
this helps like the video right helps
the channel grow share the video with
the dumb asses out there who are still
complaining and um don't forget to
comment you know for stuff that you want
me to discuss in the next FAQ video and
uh if you're new subscriber subscribe
all that good [ __ ] all right I'm out of
here team 3D Dominus displine Direction
I'm out
the segments so go in the comment
section and just vote vote on what you
think is your most requested uh topic
and then obviously the one that has the
most likes are the ones are going to
prioritize in case let's
