hey guys going on making here why
cutting is killing you gains you guys
know every video I make from now on it's
gonna have three points a problem a fact
and a solution the problem is ABS
obsession it's keeping that e small I
can't tell you how many natural trainees
are hindering the muscle growth process
simply because they're trying to be
chiseled and shredded not knowing the
true cost and that bring us to the fact
not everyone knows it's the cost of
being shredded not everyone can afford
having a six-pack yet and many just
don't know it so in this video I'm gonna
show you guys 15 reasons why you're not
ready to have abs right now again this
video applies to people who are pretty
much too small to start cutting or don't
even realize I think so this fear does
not apply to people who are beasts and
obviously have to lower their body
weight for health reasons anyway
bodybuilder of the day is flex [ __ ]
will the truth let's get it first let's
start with TTE
what is city everybody knows basic
principle of fat loss fat loss is your
titty your total daily energy
expenditure being greater than your
caloric intake it's that simple right so
here's an example here
your TDE is made up of your [ __ ] Street
your basic metabolic right so that's
pretty much it call my calories how many
calories your body burns when you just
in a coma lying all day you have your
knee which is your non-exercise activity
thermogenesis in in short the amount of
calories your body burns from you just
moving around fidgeting driving walking
stuff like that I think they have
nothing to exercising you have yet the
thermic effect of food which is
obviously the calories your body burns
from eating and processing digesting the
food and stuff like that and finally you
have the e 80 right which is your
exercise period rest it's a pretty much
the amount of calories your body burns
when you exercising when you add this up
you have your TDE so in this example
here it's a person with a p.m. or 1500
you add 500 and 252 feet I'm just making
up numbers here and you have a TDE of
2500 calories so this person to lose
weight
that person obviously has to be in a in
deficit maybe 23 maybe 22 doesn't matter
right now obviously this name is basic
for most people but again you said
without of newbies watching the videos
but here's the problem number one 85% on
the fire burning it's burning muscle
tissue so the more muscle you have the
more fat you burn that rest the less
muscle you have the less fat you burn at
rest right
why is it so important because I get so
many people who are just not big enough
don't have enough muscle and say I want
to go on the cut where's the fat burning
gonna take place
alright and the second thing is the
PMO's too low most people was pacing
matter by the way so too low especially
if you're too skinny
right you have a lot of skinny people
would you say I want to be lean I want
to be shredded good you don't have
enough muscle to support going on the
cut all right
not enough muscle and you can't keep
cutting in calories forever if your BMR
is less than 1500 right and you're not
too active which is coming up next
you can't keep lowering your calories
eventually you're gonna be in a deficit
you know me such big of a deficit that
you're not gonna get enough vitamins and
minerals to fuel your body number three
most people's knee is too low again
non-exercise activity thermogenesis
remember guys times are changing most of
us are sedentary most people play video
games all day on the computer all day we
microwave our food we don't we barely
cook anymore that's what most people I
I've seen exceptions people order food
out you know so I'm II used to be
extremely high in fact studies have
shown that meat used to be as high as
2,000 people used to burn up to 2,000
calories just from me nowadays it could
be as low as 300 because we're sitting
we're more sedentary
right so most people's knee is not high
enough for them to go on a cut and
that's actually the biggest the second
biggest component of you know your total
daily energy expenditure is your knee
right your BMR the biggest and second is
you need all right cooking walking fish
obviously brush three times more
calories and you're sitting you know
standing driving using the stairs these
are things people just don't do anymore
so most people's need is simply
way too low for them to go on a cut and
I've really underestimate how low that
number is number four I make the feta
food is too low for most people
then I getting enough protein mainly due
to call competition right you guys
remember protein is the macronutrient as
the highest ohmic defector food about 25
percent right up to 30 percent but I'm
using a conservative number here to put
that in perspective that's about 250
calories being burned just a matter the
last protein off of each thousand
calories that you eat that's a lot
that's about 60 grams of carbs guys
right that's literally and I want a
treadmill for the average person but
most people are not eating enough
protein I made a video about that and
when you're gonna cut your caloric
intake is so low that further reduces
the amount of protein that you eat
not to mention call competition because
again when you want to cut you still
need College you still got a few your
training and now you in a situation
where you can increase your carbs too
much because you have to stay under
their caloric number so again most
people's TEF is too low five most
people's EA t is way too low right again
people underestimate the amount of
calories that burn training remember if
you don't fall by the work as it's a
whole different story you guys not gonna
pay proponent full body workouts false
appearance splits but again people are
still don't split which I have nothing
against you know again is if you enjoy
it as fine but you're not burning as
many calories when you don't split so
you can't count on the caloric on a
caloric burn of a split routine to help
you lose fat and most people
underestimate that it was long as I try
not be fine know you'd be surprised
most people only burn about two to 200
calories just from doing the basic chess
routine number six full body workouts
needs calories so actually one of the
guys that they was obviously doing full
body workouts because you know how
efficient it all finatus you need
calories you need carbs that it's not
easy to go to the gym and do legs chest
back bicep shoulder straps all these you
need calories to fuel those workouts
remember full-body workouts are the
fastest way for Naturals Nattie's to
grow made a video about that back in I
think 2012 2013 because
to watch it and now everyone is known
for by workouts because they know it
works not only the science backs it up
but the broad science as well again the
problem is it's very hard to maintain a
high-frequency training approach full
body I forget standing approach when
you're under eating next volume needs
more calories she watched my videos but
now you already know it
volume is has always been the number one
travel hypertrophy problem is you need
carbs and a caloric surplus to optimally
perform volume it doesn't mean that you
can do our volume when you know when
you're on a deficit it just means it
won't be optimal you're not gonna push
yourself too hard
your respite is gonna have to be way too
long you were capacity my suffer alright
remember your goal is to preserve muscle
mass on the cut so violin becomes even
more important not to mention that high
volume requires a lot of glycogen
replenishment post-workout and that's
gonna be hindered if your carb intake is
low number eight protein synthesis needs
calories guys muscle protein says the
drums about twenty to thirty percent the
moment you go on the deficit aside
sensitive it is and trust me I have
twenty to thirty percent of important
sentences is huge how do you expect to
get swole horatio to put on muscle
preserved muscle if you constantly have
a blunted response to collected to
pretty much eating protein or training
good moment this is protein sentence is
not just from training but also from
eating so everything suffers when you're
gonna caloric deficit number nine mTOR
again you watch my videos you know what
I'm Taurus I'm Joe's energy sensitive
and as the main enzyme responsible for
protein Genesis RNA translation ribosome
Genesis and things like that if your
calories are too low and peak it takes
over and starts [ __ ] your [ __ ] up
right not to mention an mTOR is also
sensitive to protein intake which most
people under eat when I go on a cut
number ten testosterone needs calories
and it's probably one of the biggest
reasons why a lot of you guys are not
ready to go on cuts
remember to stop someone has the effects
on your brain just drive motivation
drive mood things like that your muscle
I Jeff
on my stand satellite cells mTOR
nitrogen retention your fat so your
ancestors insulin sensitivity glucose
metabolism your better receptors you set
up a cell lineage your bones again your
bonus so you just ran for your red blood
cells energy you know it guys
testosterone is the king of anabolic
hormones and it is extremely extremely
sensitive to calories why because supply
of always more important and smashing
your body doesn't care about having sex
when you're not getting enough calories
to support your BM all are your basic
functions right so eventually you're not
tripping releasing hormone starts to go
down you have a thalamus you guys know
the pathway of this neuron services if
you don't quick summary you have at
alamos send signals your pituitary gland
which releases luteinizing hormone or
should go see your balls and converts
cholesterol into testosterone
I guess what that entire process is
controlled by hypothalamus and it is
extremely extremely sensitive to
calories the moment you go on ab a
caloric deficit your body starts to slow
down this entire process not to mention
that your fat intake also affects your
testosterone levels when people go on a
cut what do I do they drastically cut
their fat intake in order to have more
calories left over for protein and carbs
on top of the fact that I also effects
that vitamin absorption because you need
obviously fat for some of the fat
soluble vitamins number 11 my son you
guys watch my video on my stand it is
the number one enemy of muscle growth
it makes cortisol look good that's what
I like to say right it's a good buy your
gains cut by hyperplasia good by
hypertrophy good buy new clothes overall
I got a lot of questions should I do in
the crucible on the cut you can but
you're gonna get optimal results my
style is also sensitive to calories the
moment of Clarke deficit is too severe
my stand up regulates on top of the fact
that you need to train more often to
keep my standing low but when you want
to severe deficit the energy levels are
trash which causes you to train less
next your metabolism is affected by
calories your leptin which is your
master regulator I made a video by
laughing you can look that up as well
in short your fat cells send leptin to
your brain you hypothalamus once again
and it pretty much regulation your
entire body you regular shut appetite
this pretty much saying okay make this
guy eat less right and it also cranks up
your metabolism problem is when you go
on a severe diet or separate caloric
deficit your body down regulates all of
these activities right on top of the
fact that leptin also up regulates
dopamine so it increases your motivation
your energy and a lowers your cravings
but the opposite happens when you're on
the deficit now your cravings go up and
metabolism goes down and you feel like
[ __ ] over time not to mention that
thyroid t3 which is also regularly
review on BM or your metabolism down
regulates when you in a caloric deficit
in short all of this leads to metabolic
slowdown it lowers your basic math about
a raikage about it actually has to adapt
right and this can last months to years
I can't tell you how many people used to
have fast metabolism
what cutting foot too long and it'll
[ __ ] up the whole thing right so now
they have to pretty much barely bit left
to reverse that right because they eat
maybe 2500 calories 3000 calories they
cut all the way down to the point of
only eating maybe 1600 calories for too
long
17:02 calories and now it's very hard
for them to try to bring the calories
back to 2,500 because this set point has
been brought down so low episode a lot
of people when they come back from boot
camp all right your metabolism needs
calories next cortisol cortisol guys
again I call them my stats ugly cousin
right they have very similar facts in
fact cortisol increases my stand we
should have a cortisol is about now
breaks down your muscle tissue to
convert into glucose
stops protein sentences causes insulin
resistance a few men makes you store fat
over your midsection slows down your
metabolism I made a video but I converse
43 to reverse see 3 shows the I was you
know obviously the opposite effect it
completes me testosterone which is one
of the most hated functions of cortisol
right you have obviously pregnenolone
stare which is pretty much your body
uses the same pathway
pretty similar pathway to make older so
then that's awesome that it uses to also
make this a strong right so flames that
put your body we take a lesser role
converted to putting that alone and
instead of going down that rifle
testosterone it would it would turn the
other way and make all this one instead
all right so competes with testosterone
in many aspects DNA binding metabolic
effects on and so forth and it's also
sensitive to cover the calories the
higher your carb intake how your caloric
intake the lower your cortisol levels
when you onyx on a severe caloric
deficit guess what goes up cortisol next
you not on steroids that's what a lot of
Harry's don't understand here's a
disadvantage that net is simply don't
seem to see right most people that are
lean and strategy around have incredible
muscle mass on the juice right that's
the fact right they just don't wanna
disclose it right and this is what they
usually use throughout that physique and
that is forget that one day on
testosterone right obviously they're
using some ester of testosterone right
again so they're getting the muscle the
muscle building benefits the glucose
metabolism benefits the high energy and
the fat loss it's not really retention
and recovery all that stuff right
usually using Susteren on a dyno ball
whatever right they stack it with DHT
right yeah I was just asked for him so
again they have that increasing strength
sex for motivation
obviously the anti exogenic effects
because I was he did she doesn't convert
to a sewer to oxygen keeps the cortisone
in check right so that's you usual an
evolved where all that stuff by the way
I'm showing you guys with you guys are
taking I'm not recommending the use of
drugs by any means you watch my video
for my video so long time you know I
can't stand fake naty's right next they
also using no nineteen on top of that
right so the envelope you know the usual
Decker trying whatever right
they're using estrogen blockers right
they're using peptides you know HGH
igf-1 insulin-like of effects of the
hiding right a sterilizer activation is
not handed too much my style is Captain
Shack androgen receptors up regulated
right nutrient partitioning glucose
metabolism the Recovery's is sped up
right
they're getting all the anti catabolic
effects all right which is why again
which is why a lot of them are on these
peptides you know I love three dads and
stuff like that
not to mention clamp right for fat loss
metabolism preserving muscle all things
like that all right so you guys are not
using all of these things that's why I
get so mad when when steroid users sort
of compare themselves to Nattie to say
oh it's not that big of a difference are
you [ __ ] kidding me I get so [ __ ]
mad every time I hear that hey do not
compare yourself to the steroid users
guys and that's the issue with the
fitness community is that a lot of these
fake Nattie's about giving the wrong
perception and make it a bigger haul I
could look like that I just gotta train
hard I just gotta work hard no you gotta
have pretty much the stack of at least
five different [ __ ] legal drugs all
right so don't be fool guys and on top
of that even in a tease
who will pay extremely lean you
understand it's still doing the natty
tricks right having a good pump before
pictures using good lighting using the
right angles
you gotta factor all of that stuff guys
right so yeah you're not on steroids
stop having unrealistic expectations all
right and finally women and apps this
one this one blows my mind because one
of them number one reasons why young
guys or even older guys wanna get abs
it's not even because they want happens
because of women I think all if I get
I'm gonna have more women and I can't
tell you how many people have their
mindset and it's just not they're just
not the case they don't a sane
90 percent of women don't give a [ __ ]
about your abs I'm telling you guys here
the three things all right I made videos
about that years ago right number one
money any this is most women not every
woman number one I care about money
number two your social status right
typical alpha male [ __ ] number three
your personality your abs probably
number four number five on the [ __ ]
list right so you wasting your [ __ ]
time
now don't get me wrong it's cause women
like a nice set I ABS right but it's not
high on a [ __ ] priority list stop
obsessing about what women want focus on
you right and again 90% of the time
you can't even [ __ ] see ya guys I've
been there right I've been there you
guys know my story from skinny fat and
hog with genetics so I wanted to have a
six-pack so bad I finally got it and I
was like what the [ __ ] that's it right I
can't see my shouldn't I be on the top
all right
and even if you say oh just go to the
beach yeah but you go to the beach use
of surrounded by steroid users who have
the ABS and against not to mention the
fact that has a natty
if you get super long enough to see your
abs chances are you're gonna be small as
[ __ ] right
I had ABS also yeah I finally wished my
goal yeah look at my hands at one point
it was my best buddy boy
that's just raining so much I used to go
to restrict calories so much but I will
put a shirt on and I wouldn't even look
like a [ __ ] lift I can't tell you how
many guys who are honest enough to tell
you the exact same thing it's not worth
the guys so conclusion you are not big
enough to cut most people are not big
enough or even active enough to go on a
cut second a return on investment is not
worth the guys trust me and if you don't
believe me go through the three or six
months or whatever it takes for you to
have abs and you see that you went to
hell and high water for something that
you can't even see 90% of the time at
the sacrifice of your gains at the
sacrifice that you strike right now
again it's not an excuse to be obese
like I said to be on the video this
video is not for people who are obese
and Meester you need to lose weight
obviously for health reasons right so
don't use it as an excuse just say oh
man I got increase my calories about
[ __ ] 8,000 no you could use a slicer
plus a worst case scenario do a recom
all right
and I'm a fork wait until you're big
enough if you want a cut if you do want
to have it the six-pack right for other
reasons right if it's not you know if
you wanna have abs because it's money
they know per personal goal of yours
whatever that's fine
but wait until you big enough wait until
you have enough muscle to actually
support eating enough calories because
if you have enough muscle trust me you
can't cut on high calories I have
clients actually cut on super high
calories but they're also [ __ ] huge
and finally wait until you need and you
eat is high enough right so we don't say
you either training a lot very
frequently full body workouts right or
wait until you've very [ __ ] acted
with us because of your job or because
of your change in your life
all right hope this video helps guys
finally like the video I appreciate your
support on the last video we got up to a
thousand like super fast I was like holy
[ __ ] we'll appreciate your support on
that subscribe to my [ __ ] I hit the bell
if you new email me for coaching HSB
training programs or meal plans I'm out
here
