[Music]
hey guys what's up team 3D I already
announced this on Facebook but uh
figured i' do it here as well a lot of
people sending me messages you know
thought it was a prank or something uh
first I wasn't going to tell anybody but
I figured hey you know what it's just
part of my second family too so might as
well let you guys know CU in the future
you might see stuff in the background
and might hear
noises and crying sounds but anyway uh
I'm expecting a daughter in three days
September 4th is the due dat so we'll
see how that goes I'm not going to go
into the details
um it definitely wasn't planned because
I just found out four weeks ago myself
right before I went to France but to
make a long story so yeah um want to be
a dad in three days if things go
according to plan
um no need to worry about the channel or
anything like that it's not going to
affect um the production of the videos
is not going to affect um it's going to
change my life in a big way obviously I
mean you find
out out of nowhere that you you know
you're going to be a dad and that the
girl is eight months
pregnant and you haven't made any plans
for us obviously it's going to affect
your life in a big way but your you guys
already know my mentality team 3D I just
see that as a challenge it's life stuff
happens um in fact uh me and the girl in
question weren't talking for eight
months so that's how I wasn't
aware I wasn't told but uh anyway like I
said I didn't want to go into the
details because it's very complicated
but I'm trying to focus on the positive
you know obviously the first week that I
found this side which was four weeks ago
I was going crazy I was going to L my
mind if you notice in a lot of my videos
I was very angry and pissed off um I
didn't want to you know tell you guys
why but I figured you know now is a good
time but you kind of understand my my
situation and my
frustration but obviously I'm not a I'm
not the type to back down from from
things like that I'm not the type to
turn around and say oh I'm not going to
you know provide or y y That's Not My
mentality that's not how I was raised
especially when I went to France and
told my father about it cuz I found out
right before I went to France so you
think about it you haven't seen your
father in 12 years and you finally go
out there and see him and you have this
crazy news hey you're GNA be a grandpa
but you know we got to exchange some
advice and
uh he told me the same thing I you know
I had already planned you know I'm going
to take care of the child obviously I'm
not going to back down from it uh I
don't want to call it a mistake you know
even though it wasn't planned I don't
want to call it a mistake because you
know you never know the kid might grw up
one day watch this video and think oh I
was a mistake you know I don't want to
think that way I just want
to look forward you know learn from my
once again that goes that were trying to
sneak up but anyway just wanted to share
that with you guys so don't be surprised
when you hear babies crying in the
background or you see me uh with throw
up all over my
shirt is is it frightening of course it
is I'm not going to sit there and lie to
you and tell you it's not frightening
it's very frightening if I had more time
to prar in I would be less frighten but
like I said I was told when the woman
was 8 months pregnant so I have very
little time to let it sink in it was
kind of on top of my head for a long
time kind of like oil on top of water
you know it wasn't sinking in it's still
not sinking in you know
but I went to hold on let me show you
guys
I went to Bones & Noble and bought me
this caveman's guy to baby's first year
I walked in there clueless and told him
hey I'm I'm going to be a dad in a few
weeks I only have three weeks to
prepared what do I do so I just got me
this but I'm going to add that to my
collection try to finish it by next week
hopefully and it's a girl which is even
worse because I have no idea how to
raise a girl you know like I said no
excuses no bitching I'm just going to
read ask questions ask for advice as
long as you ask for advice you'll never
be you know you never have to worry
about making the wrong decisions I'm
asking people that were in my situation
before and obviously I have the support
of my friends and um part of my
family but
uh yeah you guys are briefed
in someone put on my Facebook he said
low budging muscle you're going to be
lower budging muscle I kind of laughed
at that but money is not an issue for me
you guys already know I could be rich if
I wanted to I'm not bragging you guys my
friends they'll tell you there's a lot
of stuff about me you guys don't know uh
I I I chose this kind of Lifestyle I
chose to
um
to stop moving around go to
Virginia get back in school and live in
this budget budgeted ass lifestyle for
one reason only one reason
money is not bad don't get me wrong
money is not bad but when I have money
in my pocket when I have a lot of money
in my pocket I get lazy I get complacent
and I have no reason to move forward but
I feel like if I'm you know close to the
edge I have a reason to get up early in
the morning I have a reason to work my
ass off I have a reason to pick up a
book and read I mean if I wanted money I
would just like I said I'm not bragging
I mean I have I'm not I'm not a very
stupid person you know I just go find a
good job I would have graduate I started
college at 16 if I wanted money I would
have stayed in school got my degree I
would have had a PhD at 21 22 years old
I would have been making money but
that's not that's not the goal you know
I look at the big picture of things you
could be rich as but still
depressed you know you have all the
money in the world and still not have it
together so why seek money I rather seek
wisdom because with with wisdom all the
things that money buy you come
freely when you have money what do you
do with it you spend it on something
right well why not find an alternative
way to get those things without money
which is what not and wisdom comes in
you know so I decided to I mean even if
you ask H at one point I was making so
much money when I was like what like a
year and a half ago that I had three
paychecks that I hadn't cashed in yet
because I just there was no urge for it
my account was overflowing finally I
went to the to the checks cash office
and I brought my three checks and they
were like we can't cash all three checks
at once I was like why they were like
well this is kind of suspicious it looks
weird you got a black guy coming in with
three paychecks from like weeks ago it
doesn't happen all the time and I just
laugh I was like okay it's fine so I had
to cash one check and then wait till
they approve it before I brought the
other checks that's to show you guys
that if I really wanted to be rich
that's not hard my father is not broke I
mean the guy paid for like the tickets
of five people to come to France anytime
I could just give him a phone call and
be like hey Dad send me some money but I
don't want to do that why because it's
going to make things easier for me I
won't have the reason to you
know to push further so if push comes if
push comes to sh if I'm in a situation
where I'm really really really really
broke and yeah obviously I be like hey I
need some help but right now I like the
challenge you know I like the challenge
of having to get up and budget
everything know having to control my
spendings I love that you know it's not
comfortable 24/7 but it's fun you know
keeps me going for somebody who likes
challenges keeps me going I'm not saying
everybody should do the same no I mean
if you like money go ahead make your
money I'm just showing you guys my
perspective on things but uh yeah now I
have to chance those perspectives cuz
the baby's on the way I have to
literally make some more room for
cash but I said it's life I'm not going
to about
it I don't know what I was going to tell
you guys about I just made this video
randomly got I get ready for
work guys learn from
this use a
condom especially when you as crazy as I
am
use one all right guys team
3D Alpha King me
