hey guys what's up Megan here this is um
my Biser workout for my full body um
training program uh like I said guys I
just go in I try to get in and get out
right lot of people ask me what is the
best way to train your entire body uh in
under an hour well this how I do it I
know that the only thing that matters
about hypertrophy is weight time of
attention and um frequency so for the
weight obviously as you can see I'm you
know trying not to go too live but yet
not too heavy uh the time on attention
is definitely there I'm a big believer
in time want attention that's how my
body responds and um my my body just
doesn't grow on you know 10 10 reps on
everything and uh number three is
frequency I train a minimum three times
a week everybody so like I said I'm not
Advanced once I become advanc i' be able
to Train everybody prob once a week
maybe twice a week but in the beginner
in a mediate stage you know you want to
just activate protein CES as much as
possible so this what I do for my biceps
know I just start off with it's a giant
set it's it's actually a tri set I start
with 50 18 lb I I I know do a few reps
go up to 20 lb and then 25 lb with no
rest in between then I take a 30 second
break and I go higher in weight I do 35
40 and 45 and I do about two two series
of that and that's it that's my bicep
portion of my full body workout and
sometimes I probably throwing one more
exercise but that's about it all right
guys peace
