guys quick question quick Q&A video I'm
only going to focus on one question per
Q&A video now um this one is on the
chess everyday thing right OAS chess
story if you haven't watched the video
on OAS chess story go back and watch it
uh quick recap all I was uh well still
is a good friend of mine uh back when we
started uh back when we were at CSI when
I was a little [ __ ] um he came to the
gym long story short he came to the gym
he was out of shape as [ __ ] um and he
was determined to get a big chat so what
did he do bench press every [ __ ] day
right every time he came to the gym
chess chess chess he didn't care about
what the magazines was saying what the
science was saying my man just came in
the gym and just did chess every [ __ ]
day right I'm getting a lot of questions
on on to this day I made a video like
years ago but I'm still getting
questions on on uh oa's chess story I
wish we had taken pictures back then but
I mean I try to message him on Facebook
see if he has pictures for back in those
days but um so yeah so he would do chess
every day and we were just laughing at
him we're like man you know we thought
we knew the [ __ ] even though we were
like skinny as [ __ ] we're like man you
don't know what you're doing uh you can
do chess every day you know we're just
repeating the typical [ __ ] that you
know people you know spread on the on
the net you know the the all train the
muscle only once a week you know um hold
on
uh you got to let the muscle R and D D
you know frequencies bad all that
[ __ ] so we were telling him that cuz
we didn't know any better and he was
like yeah whatever he didn't care he
came to the gym he went I would never
forget that he walk straight to the back
where the bench press was Bench bench
bench bench bench bench bench bench go
home next day we'll see him again come
back bench bench bench bench bench and I
was like what the hell is this guy doing
long story short I dropped out of school
I dropped out of school so many times
guys so I dropped out of school haven't
heard from him in a while and uh my boys
came back came back to the house a few
months later it was just a few months
later you know um and they were like
dude have you seen Ola lately and I'm
like what are you guys talking about
they're like dude Ola is [ __ ] massive
he has like a [ __ ] watermelon chest I
was like yeah [ __ ] out of here then I go
play basketball cuz back then I was in
love with basketball I was playing
basketball like every day I I went to
play basketball and um another friend
came by I was like dude did you see Alla
lately I was like what the [ __ ] that's
the second guy they're like yo his dress
is [ __ ] huge man you know I would
never forget that story man and I was
like man like that's that's a lot of
people you know third guy came in I
think the third guy was probably Toby or
something he hit me up he goes yo like
have you seen have you went to a gym L I
was like nah man like what happened he
goes dude you got to see Ola man Ola
stress he he took his shirt off the
other day he stressed his [ __ ] M I
was like what it's only been a few
months man you know so long story short
I was like you know what I got to figure
that [ __ ] out man I got to see it with
my own eyes I took the bus I never foret
it was the 60 61 or the 62 bus went to
St Island
CSI went to see all the friends in the
gym and all that stuff and everyone look
pretty much the same you know and then
Ola comes in you know it was right
around the same time Ola walks in same
thing walking straight towards the bench
and he had his his uh his uh I don't
know if it was a hoodie or sweater on
but you could see the mask through the
[ __ ] you know on get hoodie or sweat
or whatever the [ __ ] he had on you could
see the chest [ __ ] pushing this [ __ ]
out you can see the the the [ __ ]
tricep front Del and he's like hey what
up you know I was like hey long time no
see you know and I'm looking around like
you know you know like what the [ __ ] is
this like is he on St or some [ __ ] went
to the bench same thing uh by then he
was doing like more than two plays of
course and I forgot what happened an
argument ured I think him and hanza were
like talking you know hanza was like I
think like you know trying to [ __ ] with
him or some [ __ ] uh told him about he's
not big you know just [ __ ] around
it's in New York we used to just [ __ ]
with each other and he goes a word and
he took his shirt off guys oh my God
this motherfucker's chest was insane and
I'm talking about just like and you
could tell that he was doing best there
because the the the the bench breast
muscles were developed front Des triceps
and I see you know uh packs so anyway so
I made a video about that you know um
because to this day when we talk about
like n Natty chests we use Ola as like
the reference you know back in the day
he stopped working out now now he's
small as [ __ ] you know if you watching
this video you know Ola you like Gohan
man you stopped training but I would
never forget that you know you know that
that feat and it's not like he had great
genetics you know you know average guy
whatever it's just he trained chess
every day8 before the gym trained eight
after the gym you know back to school
you know you know about his business and
once again I made a lot of videos about
similar stories people that did traps
every day back every day you know my
whole channel is about training every
[ __ ] day right so you know if you new
to the channel then go back so um so I'm
still getting questions about all chest
right that people are like oh you know
it's the OCD [ __ ] and I don't
blame you cuz I'm OCD too they're like
oh how many shs do he do how many reps
how much wait I guys I don't [ __ ]
know because back then I wasn't Sherlock
soul I didn't I wasn't investigating I
was just observing you know so I never I
feel bad I never asked him dude like how
many sets you doing how long you know
all I know is that he was doing chess
every [ __ ] day every time he went to
the gym there was little question about
it it was chess maybe at the end he
probably did I don't know maybe arms or
some [ __ ] but it was just bench bench
bench bench you know like I said I never
wrote down the details because I didn't
know he was going to get results from
that [ __ ] we used to laugh at him you
know and you know but yeah so that's the
that's that's all he did so stop asking
me if you guys see my inbox oh my God
the Ola questions are insane you know
it's like what 3 years after I made the
video and people are asking for details
I don't have the details if I did I
would give it to you you know uh it's
just he did chest every day you know the
chest every day and if you want to know
more about how how many sets and raps
you should do and things like that just
watch my videos on training every day I
have millions I'm exaggerating but a lot
of videos on those stories people that
did you know the same musle every day
and then got phenomenal results even
though they were past the noob um stage
you know because Alla results you can't
say that was Noob games that [ __ ] was
just [ __ ] ridiculous man once again I
wish I had a picture back then but um so
so yeah guys please stop with the with
the detail questions and about I don't
have them if I did I would give it to
you I don't know how many reps I don't
know how many sets I wish I have taken
that you know written that [ __ ] down I
wish I hadn't mocked him when he was
doing it you know so and in fact that's
one of the reasons why I Ed you know
studying the whole training muscle every
day thing years ago and I discovered
that that's like the key to fast growth
is frequency you know it was because uh
you know all that story inspired me of
course you guys know I started doing
push-ups every day too and then my chest
blew up when I started bodybuilding you
know look up nucleus overload my overt
training Theory you know um and you see
what I'm talking about but yeah as far
as details sorry guys that's all I could
give you you know uh just chess every
day you know I'll try to contact him and
see if he remers some of the details but
that's all for that all right guys
comment below if you got any questions
and you know uh make sure you watch all
the other videos on you know the similar
Stories the different people that did
the same muscle every day so you can see
that it's not just bro signs all right
I'm out of
here segments so go in the comment
section and just vote vote on what you
think is your most requested uh topic
and then obviously the one that has the
most likes are the ones are going to
prioritize in case let's
