going hear a quick video on how your
body stores fat right the two main
Pathways your body uses to store fat
hopefully that's going to answer a lot
of questions I get in my inbox 24/7 and
once again the goal of these videos is
to simplify things to remove the excess
details and just give you guys the big
picture on how things really work if you
don't understand the processes of how
your body builds builds muscle or stores
fat it's going to be very easy to get
confused by all the information that's
out there on the internet all right so
let's simplify this real fast remember
to lose fat you need to one increase fat
breakdown and two reduce fat storage
just like when you're building muscle
you need to one increase protein
synthesis and two reduce protein
breakdown most people when they're
trying to lose weight they either
increase fat breakdown but then they
forget to lower fat storage and then
wonder what the hell's going on how come
I'm not losing weight or that lower fat
storage but it don't increase the the
fat breakdown so you got to do both
right so I already made a video how to
increase fat breakdown and how fat
leaves your body and all that stuff
check it out it's going to be in the
description but this video is primarily
on how your body stores fat understand
how your body stores fat two primary
Pathways I'm keeping it simple of course
I'm eliminating all the extra right
so the green Pathways and then the red
Pathways now before we begin quick quick
recap uh this is the food that you eat
on the left side here says food this is
your liver and this is your fat cell and
if you know your body your belly fat all
the fat that you're trying to you know
lose it's really fatty acids combined
with glycerol that's all it is your body
takes glycerol backbone combines it with
free fatty acids right puts it together
and it's called triglycerides right
that's where you see triglyceride
triglyceride it simply means a glycero
backbone and Three fatty acid molecules
stuck together and those are stored in
your fat cells so when you're trying to
lose fat obviously you're not losing the
fat cell you're just trying to break
apart those two things you want to
separate the Glasser from the free fatty
acids when you're storing fat you're
doing the reverse you're combining the
fat with the glycero and then that
becomes that nasty belly fat that you're
carrying around okay now how does your
body store fat let's look at pathway one
right glucose your body takes glucose
right if it's excess glucose it's going
to go ahead and it's going to provide
the glycerone to complete half of the
equation
or that glucose is going to come from
your liver right obviously if you eat
glucose is going to go in here or your
body's going to break down protein
convert into glucose blah blah blah and
then your liver is going to provide the
glucose that's going to go ahead enter
the fat cell and provide the glycerol
backbone okay good another thing that
your glucose is going to do is it's
going to go ahead if it's once again ex
glucose it's going to go to your liver
your liver is going to convert it into
free fatty acids and then it's going to
join the second pathway that we're going
to get to now okay so this is what
glucose does when it comes to Fat
storage also glucose spikes insulin
which activates this enzyme here and
we'll discuss them in a moment protein
also spikes insulin but right now let's
just keep it simple notice I in put
protein here which I'm going to explain
why in separate
videos um all right so this is the
pathway number one the glucose pathway
the second pathway is through fat okay
the fat that you eat it's going to go
right it's going to go to your
intestines it's going to get broken up
packaged into kyom microns all that
and it you see this thing in yellow here
glycero plus free fatty acids your
body's going to take that it's going to
go through this enzyme this enzyme here
lipoprotein lipase is going to separate
the glycero from the free fatty acids
and then the free fatty acids are going
to enter the fat cell and become
attached to this glaso here cool right I
hope I didn't confuse you once again
your fat is going to you're going to eat
the fat right see this piece of cheese
here it's going to go it's going to come
through this enzyme this enzyme remember
for some reason the body doesn't want to
just take the triglyceride and stir it
into the fat cell it just wants this
free fatty acid potion so this enzyme is
going to split those in two take the
free fatty acids put them in here and we
already mentioned how this where this
glycero backbone is going to come from
from the glucose mainly it comes from
other sources but mainly glucose okay so
that's the second path notice how short
it is all right also the free fatty
acids can also come from your liver like
I talked about earlier if you eat too
many carbs the carbs can get converted
into fat and then they could come in
here become this thing here blah blah
blah lipoprotein long story short that
all end up here so as you can see fat
really ends up from either from having
both a glycerol and free fatty acids now
it's up to you to decide which pathway
that's why a lot of diets work guys
because different diets affect different
Pathways if you want to eat a low cob
diet fine you're going to break down you
know you're going to you're going to
hinder the green pathway that I have in
green which is this glucose thing here
right you're going to lower the amount
of glucose that goes and becomes
glycerol you're going to lower the
amount of glucose that gets converted
into fat nice or if you're eating if if
you're doing if ficial macros or
something else that allows you to eat a
lot of cars but lowers your fat intake
you you simply going to increase this
green pathway but you're going to lower
this red pathway here there are many
ways to store fat you know like I said
two
Pathways so don't get confused about oh
what's the you know what should I do in
terms of is this diet better is this
diet better no it's simply a matter of
which pathway you increasing or
decreasing inhibiting or boosting all
right so I hope that simplifies
things right and also remember this uh
enzyme here lipoprotein lipase right is
upregulated by
insulin so that's also explains why when
you cut your carbs you notice a it's a
lot easier to lose fat when you cut your
carbs than you know simply cutting
something else because I mean look at
all the pathway glucose has look how
long the green arrows are right look how
many green arrows we have here and look
how short the red arrows are right that
is why you could eat a lot of fat with
small amount of carbs even if you're
going above your calories and still lose
weight Tons Of Studies have shown
that whereas you there's a lot of
studies that show people that reduce
their calories but eat way too many
carbs and have a hard time losing weight
because of these arrows here carbs has a
lot of different ways of you up
right again I didn't mention protein
because that's going to come later on
right protein is actually yes it could
be converted into glucose but it
actually helps when it comes to Fat Loss
so hope this answers your question this
is how fat leaves this is how fat is
stored within the body watch this video
second time if you need to and create
the big picture okay remember conclusion
to lose fat you need to reduce fat
storage you need to increase fat
breakdown and this video is on the fat
storage aspect all right guys I'm out of
here like the video If it helped comment
below for the next FAQs I read the
comments and I use that to make the
videos don't forget to share subscribe
all that good and most importantly
dominate segments so go in the comment
section and just vote vote on what you
think is your most requested uh topic
and then obviously the one that has the
most likes are the ones are going to
prioritize in case let's
