last but not least I'm gonna put that
hey guys going on Megan here masculinity
is dying there are almost no real man
Left Right real man uh Vanishing like
flies all we have left is poses uh
people who are scammers people who fake
being masculine people who just want to
rape you off man who had an easy life
and want to make it seem like that they
know what it's like to actually endure
hardships right we have cowards we have
people who bow down to the pressures of
society long story short masculine is
dying it's under attack left and right
and even men who claim to be men
nowadays uh I mean just look at the trt
Bubble look how everybody's cashing in
the [ __ ] masculinity and hopping on
trt thinking it's normal right just men
with no honor no Integrity getting their
masculinity out of a bottle I could go
on and on but anyway I put a poll up
today I asked you guys what you wanted
me to make a chair list on and you
picked this one so obviously I went
online I literally just typed this is
what I'm going to do with these videos
I'm not gonna just make my own list I'm
gonna literally go online see what's
trending and I'm gonna rank them and
simplify I'm using a Pareto Principle
like I always say right the best of the
best what's most important so I went
online I'll type 20 things every
masculine man should have and one of the
top results once again men's huff at it
again right Men's Health somehow it's
always in the top results
and uh we don't look at this [ __ ]
right and we're gonna rank it uh
obviously some things they got right
some things they got wrong but I'm gonna
show you guys what really matters by the
way watch my video on toxic masculinity
if you want my opinions on you know the
whole feminist and masculinity stuff
that's going on but anyway all right if
you made it this far in the video I'm
hoping you saw the disclaimer because
you guys are either gonna hate me or
love me after this video you know I
don't sugarcoat anything I'm very honest
I spare no one if I'm hard on myself
every [ __ ] morning you best believe
I'm gonna be hard on your punk asses all
right so we're going to use the basic
team do the alpha Taylor list I'm about
to nut that's s tier best of the best uh
[ __ ] amazing that's a tear you got
okay bad and pure garbage now the
criteria I'm gonna use very simple right
how am I going to decide what's at the
tops at the bottom I'm gonna keep it as
objective as possible no bias here it's
going to be based on three criteria
right anything that increases your
ability to protect to provide or to
father children to be a good parent
that's it because that's really the
purpose of masculinity right people
don't want to over complicate it come up
with their own definitions [ __ ] that
right let's look at Evolution let's look
at the hundreds of thousands of years
that homo sapiens have been on this
goddamn planet we could go as far back
as you want to Homo erectus and blah
blah but it's the same thing right
masculinity comes down to three things
your ability to protect your loved ones
your ability to provide for your loved
ones and your ability to parent to
father children to be a good father to
them and most importantly to be a
grandfather right because anybody could
be a father but it's very hard to be a
grandfather I always say this I say
fathers are legends grandfathers are
Gods you have a grandfather a good
grandfather you should really thank them
because that is the ultimate goal the
goal is not to pass on your genes
anybody could pass on their genes right
the goals to pass on your genes and have
your genes reproduce right because I
could have 50 kids if they all died and
my line ends right so it's not just
about being a father it's about being a
grandfather and God forbid a great
grandfather it just gets more and more
epic so your punk ass is here today
because your father your grandfather
your great great grandfather were
absolute Legends that's why to me you're
not even not even in a discussion for
being a man if you're not on track to
being a father and obviously a
grandfather because that shows that
you're actually a good dad to the point
where your kids were able to get older
and have their own kids all right so
let's get straight to it number one I'm
just gonna pick him randomly uh good and
bad by the way man get this [ __ ] out
here right I'm gonna put this one there
bad right
um because again that does not increase
your ability to protect that is not
increase your ability to provide and it
does not increase your ability to be a
good parent right as long as you bust
that nut clap your cheeks move on you do
your job right now again it doesn't hurt
doesn't hurt to be good and bad but
trust me uh how good you are in bad has
no impact on your masculinity it's one
of those things that women have snuck
into the the the category but to be
honest guys I've clapped endless cheats
and I have I have so many actors who
told me that I was horrible and bad yeah
they kept coming back right so if you
think that being good and bad is what's
going to make you a man is what's going
to you know have women attracted to you
wrong now again that I'm not saying that
you should be horrible and bad to be
honest this one really depends on to be
honest with you depends on how big your
dick is if you have a big dick then
you'd have to be good in bed right your
dick's gonna do most of the job if you
got a little dick then you gotta over
compensate right you got to compensate
by learning a few tricks in there
um but it's not a necessity matter of
fact I'm not gonna put that bad I'm
gonna put no I'm gonna put it back
because again it does not contribute to
masculinity in any way now of course if
you have a partner that you care about
um you know if you're in a devoted
relationship blah blah blah yeah you
know you might want to learn a few
triggers to make your partner happy that
doesn't hurt right a matter of fact just
because of that I'm gonna put that okay
you know if you're in a relationship and
you want to make your partner I'd be
fine you know learn some skills here and
there but
again don't it's so overrated you know I
have so much and not just me I could use
many other people as an example who have
so much experience with women and who
are average at Best in bed in fact I
have so many funny stories I could tell
you guys when I was younger when I was
single where I would literally tell the
girl hey I'm gonna bust another like two
minutes and I'm Gonna Leave You know and
they'll be like oh my God you're so
service whatever and it still came I
still clap to cheese I still busted in
two minutes and I still left right so
don't let women tell you that you have
to be this porn star in order to either
get women or keep women it's completely
overrated next cooking and cleaning I'm
gonna put that okay right that's not
something that that you need to be a man
right we're making cooking clean that
does that make them more masculine you
know in fact matter of fact I'm gonna
put this I don't want to put that bad
because it doesn't hurt your masculinity
at all but it doesn't boost it in any
way all right now of course if you live
by yourself
or if you're in a relationship it
doesn't hurt to learn how to cook and
clean so you could help your partner out
from time to time but that's not
something that should be out on the
[ __ ] list right as a man you have way
more things to worry about way more
things to worry about than cooking and
cleaning I don't know how to cook and
clean obviously most bad breeders know
how to cook and clean because we had to
make our own food and all that [ __ ] but
that did not make me a better man
because I had a [ __ ] recipe book
right so again it's something that's
overrated I'm gonna put out okay because
it doesn't hurt to have as far as a
cleaning part again it also depends on
if you're in a relationship how you guys
divide the roles you know if one person
is a provider one person takes care of
the house you know again it depends but
you don't have to be an expert Chef an
expert cleaner in order to be a man like
I said man we have more important things
to worry about our drivers to protect
provide and parent and if this comes in
as a bonus then sure all right next is
uh money I'm I got to put this one I'm
about to not you know and
what let's see uh over 10 years ago if
you would have asked me I would have put
it lower but again that's that's why men
we tend to level up once we have kids
because I didn't understand the
importance of money when I was single
and young and dumb until my child was
born the moment you have a kid your
whole mindset changes you know you you
your brain you mature so fast once you
have a child because you you finally
learn the brutality and reality of the
real world if you do not have money
enough money I'm not saying you gotta be
a billionaire on that [ __ ] if you don't
have enough money you cannot make your
loved ones consistently happy don't let
anybody tell you otherwise I was raised
in a in a community and um uh you know
in the faith in a freaking religion
where we you know they used to say oh
don't worry about money money is not
important money can't buy happiness
[ __ ] [ __ ] one of the biggest
lies you could tell a man is not to
worry about making money because again
every single thing you're gonna do to
make your family happy your loved ones
happy is going to require money somehow
that also gonna have to beg for
donations or get it from somebody else
it all comes down to money you want to
buy your your family presence money you
want to have a roof with a head money
you want to have a car to you know give
them rise bring them from A to B Money
And in that money electricity money the
cell phone you I mean anything you could
think about that will put a smile if
they're sick money you know they want to
go to college money right you want to
check them out on a vacation money it's
like anybody who tells you money is not
important can suck my dick I can't if I
go back in time and just eliminate all
this shitty advice that I got from all
the people who said oh yeah just just
worry about it uh focus on God and focus
on this and don't worry about money
they're keeping so many young men broke
prioritize money guys prioritize
learning a skill that you can monetize
as you get older because you cannot be a
man you cannot protect you cannot
provide and you cannot power and
efficiently if you broke it's that
simple trust me Bandit down there in
fact that's one of the reasons why uh
one of the main reasons why I quit
bodybuilding by the way when I say
bodybuilding I'm talking about serious
bodybuilding obviously I still work out
I'm going to live till I die I'm told my
serious bodybuilding serious natural
bodybuilding where you're trying to grow
every single muscle in your body and
perfect your physique it's one reason
why I quit that [ __ ] my daughter was
born right the focus became on being a
family man making as much money as
possible to make sure that she's well
taken care of and in case you guys don't
know natural bodybuilding is a dead end
job it is a job it's a full-time job
right it's a food's a 24 hour 24 7 job
and if you're natural it's not taking
you anywhere unless you become a scammer
unless you sell [ __ ] supplements or
unless you obviously back for the
Nations think about it most natural
bodybuilders are broke that's the fact
most natural bodybuilders are broke the
ones who are not either again they're
they're lying they don't roids they
either selling shitty courses and
supplements right or they're just
begging you for donations think about it
only a very small percentage of natural
bodybuilders with Elite genetics can
make a living offer deficit the rest
have to either scam your back for
donations so long story short yeah focus
on making money just enough for you to
be free and be able to provide for your
family again you don't have to be a
billionaire and remember guys for people
who demonize money it's because they
don't know what money is money is really
time right money is time money is the
ability to buy time
it's the ability to earn your freedom
your financial freedoms the ability to
earn time is the ability to gather
resources right because all the things
you pay for with money you could
technically get yourself right go into
the grocery store and spending a hundred
bucks on on a bag of groceries
technically you could grow those scraps
yourself right you're good uh [ __ ]
hard cattle and [ __ ] and have your steak
and all that stuff right you go you land
but how much time is that going to take
you money allows you to save time buy
time have somebody else do the work you
trade the money in exchange for that
time that's really what it is right
allows you to accumulate power which is
work over time how much work can you do
in a small amount of time so the more
money you have the more quote-unquote
power in terms of physics right the
physics department which is work divided
by time right the more work you can get
done in a small amount of time per unit
at a time but anyway I'm not going to
spend two on something like that next
since the start man bad what the [ __ ]
this I I hate this [ __ ] man people who
think oh what should be man you gotta
have a sense of stock I have a
three-piece suit and blah blah get the
[ __ ] out of here in fact a lot of them
are cowards anyway right they're trying
to cover for their insecurities and
their inadequacies by having expensive
watches and expensive jewelry and
expensive days expensive that [ __ ] out
of here right some of the realest men
I've met were in the [ __ ] dark
corners of Africa in the village
providing for their family men who woke
up work from day to night to make sure
the family was protected provided for
improperly LED they're wearing [ __ ]
loincloth and [ __ ] right guys back in
the days right go back to neanderthals
you think you think the the alpha
Neanderthal you know had the most Decked
Out sense of you know three-piece loin
club like get the [ __ ] out of here man
again doesn't hurt to you know I'm not
telling you to go out there and have
holes in your clothes and [ __ ] but trust
me you could make it through life with
no sense of style right I wear [ __ ]
pajamas flip-flops and sweatpants almost
everywhere I go right all of the time
and energy you're gonna expand into your
sense of style you could put that into
things that are going to be that are
gonna give you a bigger return on
investment right things that are a lot
more important and a lot more conducive
to you know being a masculine male all
right next height obviously I'm going to
put height at okay simply because one
you can't increase your height two I'm
five seven so I gotta cope three
three I know a lot of guys who are five
five shorter than me five five five six
five four uh who are masculine as [ __ ]
right so I'm not gonna put that higher
simply because you could be short and
still be a man you could be short and
still protect you could be short and
still provide you could be short and
still parents right so hot is overrated
right somebody who's eight feet tall is
not necessarily more masculine than
somebody who's seven feet tall or
somebody or six feet you guys think
somebody who's seven foot tall is so
much more masculine somebody who's six
two right and somebody who's six two is
so much more masculine he could protect
providing parents so much more than
somebody who's five eight no it doesn't
work like that but I am putting it on
okay because I'm not putting in that bad
is because obviously it gives you an
advantage on your triple escort right
SSS score if you're not familiar with
that watch my videos on that which is
pretty much how women subconsciously
rank a male you know first as standing
for security ability to provide security
second as stands for status your social
status and the third ad stands for
sexiness obviously the taller you all
the more points you're going to get into
sexiness but again watch my video on
Triple let's go for more details
uh let's see next muscles all right so
I'm gonna put Believe It or Not guys
this is gonna shock a lot of people but
I'm gonna put that at okay at the
beginning of a game I'm gonna tell you
exactly why it's very simple and again
when I say muscles I'm talking about
like big bodybuilder muscles I'm not
talking about just being generally fit
that's completely different right so big
bodybuilder muscles I'm just gonna put
that okay because it is so overrated
trust me guys you can speak to go in the
real world and speak to actual women
accumulate sexual experience that you're
gonna see I'm gonna show you guys what
Dad buys who are clapping just as many
cheeks if not more cheeks than the guy
who spends three hours a day working out
trying to you know get a massive chest
huge muscles are so overrated when it
comes to getting girls and again the
people who don't believe me are the ones
who literally have no sexual experience
in the real world right their entire
life is virtual it's online right I can
show you skinny guys who are clapping
cheeks I could show you ski uh [ __ ]
skinny fat guys skinny guys fat guys bad
bad guys who are slaying I know they're
not outliers stitches have the things
that matter the most right in fact this
is the funny thing everybody knows this
the more muscles you build the more you
get attraction from males not females
right and trust me if I was wrong then
ifbb Pros who are 250 to 290 pounds five
percent body fat will be having all the
women in the world and that's not how it
works there's an inverter you curve like
I always say you don't want to have zero
muscles about the same time uh putting
all your RPG stats into huge muscles is
not going to return that much on the
amount of effort that you're putting in
I mean I have guys who literally spend
all day on their physique and and that
neglecting the things that matter and
they wonder why the 25 26 28 30 years
old would dry dicks and no sexual
experience no women nothing and now the
only reason why I'm not putting it lower
on the list is because if you have big
muscles it's a sign that you have some
of the other things that are coming up
on the list so I know you have
discipline it's a sign that uh you
consistent you could be consistent at
some things it's a sign that you goal
driven it's a sign that you could
tolerate pain right so that's what I'm
going to put it at okay I'm not going to
put it lower is because somebody with
big muscles as long as they're natural
of course you guys know I have almost
zero respect for people who are enhance
right unless they're athletes if you I I
would have told you guys there's only
three types of people that I respect if
they have if they use trt or any other
PDS right that's number one people who
cannot produce testosterone naturally
under any circumstance meaning genetic
disorder accident testicular cancer you
know stuff like that people who cannot
under any circumstance produce
testosterone in that case you could hop
on trt you could check whatever the [ __ ]
you want I would never judge you right
number two is obviously people in the
military so people who are in the
military life or death situations you
can't go to somebody in the military and
tell them oh you got to sleep eight
hours a day make sure you get your
micronutrients your vitamin E and you're
Boron and you think it's not happening
you know not to mention you can't tell
them make sure you keep your stress low
because cortisol is good no these people
are literally in life in their
situations it feels is up to me I'll put
everybody in the military who obviously
wants to own trt right put them on any
PD that's obviously safe simply because
in the life of Dev scenario there's no
oh you know let me let me not take
something that gives me a competitive
Advantage no it's life and death
especially if the enemy soldiers are
enhanced oh man really those
[ __ ] up uh and they also
includes the police right it's a very
stressful job they cannot optimize every
little thing so anybody who's in a life
and death job I don't mind and the third
thing is obviously athletes right
athletes if you're an elite athlete and
you don't Roy's I don't give a [ __ ]
because your whole life your whole
career depends on your performance and
if your competition finds a way to take
it and I get caught you [ __ ] so if
you're a boxer MMA fighter NFL player I
don't care if you're on Royals to be
honest because if you don't you're gonna
lose You're Gonna Lose That 30 million
paycheck to the [ __ ] cheater so I
personally believe that you know uh
Elite athletes should be under obviously
under under supervision should be asked
but I could make a separate video about
that sorry for going off topic but yeah
if you don't fall into any you those
three categories and you're on trt or
you're on steroids I have zero respect
for you I said it many times these guys
are not men they're cowards who took the
easy way out they can't hang in the real
world with us right because testosterone
is something that you earn it's
something you get from managing your
sleep managing your diet managing your
stress and your body rewards you quote
unquote rewards you by giving you
testosterone through your goddamn balls
right so anybody who skips that and just
gets it from a bottle is a piece of [ __ ]
I'm sorry somebody gotta say it all
right next uh being kind yeah I'm gonna
put that okay right because you know
obviously you got to be kind right
um but the reason I'm putting out the
case because it's a limit right you
can't be nice to everybody you know you
should be kind of those who deserve it
you should be kind to those who
reciprocate that kindness
um you can't always be kind because
remember men are bred for war men are
bread for combat it's just facts it's
biology
um so you can't always be kind it's
going to be times when you're gonna have
to let that The Savage when you come
forth so I'm gonna put that out okay uh
there's obviously a time and place for
everything next romantic I'm gonna put
that at bad get that [ __ ] out of here
that's another thing that women snuck
into the list oh yeah I want to be
romantic guys that's the biggest load of
[ __ ] right you do not have to be
romantic most women can't even Define a
romantic meaning you ask them what do
you mean by romantic and I'll tell you
20 different things that don't even make
sense right you don't have to be
romantic to be a man right all you got
to do is do your job as a man again
protect provide parent and everything
else is a bonus right it's bad enough
you gotta be willing to give your life
for your woman you gotta be willing to
give your life for your family and in
addition to that they want you to take a
[ __ ] course on being romantic get the
[ __ ] out of here that has nothing God's
being romantic is a bonus if your girl
if you want to do it for your girl you
want to do it to make her happy that's
fine but that's not a requirement and
only women tell you otherwise because
once again from my experience I can't
tell you I'm the least romantic person
you can meet and the same girls that
complain about me not being romantic got
their cheeks clapped unbothered by Yours
Truly right they're gonna complain and
say oh my God I wish you could be more
romantic a few seconds later
so I don't want to hear next a sense in
humor I'm going to put that okay right
you got to have a sense of humor right
you can't take life too seriously as a
man I'm not going to put a higher simply
because again if you're not you don't
have a sense of humor that's not gonna
you're not gonna lose points on your
[ __ ] triple that score you're not
going to lose points in your masculinity
um having a sense of humor is not going
to enhance your ability to protect
provide a parent right so uh that's why
I'm putting out okay but again I'm not
putting it lower because mostly you guys
take life way too seriously you got to
be able to laugh at [ __ ] right in fact
another reason why I'm always
complaining about today's society right
you can't laugh about anything everybody
gets offended you make a dark human joke
and everybody's like this is so
offensive suck my dick all right next
intelligence I'm gonna put that [ __ ]
amazing right you gotta be intelligent
and then when I put again intelligence
that includes knowledge that includes
crystallized IQ fluid IQ which
unfortunately you can't increase too
much if you [ __ ] but you get what I mean
at least you could compensate you could
compensate for low fluid IQ by
increasing your crystallize IQ so again
there's no excuses for you black pale
[ __ ] so you got to be
intelligent you gotta be knowledgeable
you guys know the team 3D principles
right you've got to have that daily
routine where every single day you're
absorbing knowledge but it's think about
this part of having an open mind right
you never want to have a closed mind
there's a reason why I read over 10 or
20 studies a day in addition to all the
stuff that I research you can never know
too much right I've read over ten
thousand and I mean that's about saying
ten thousand because like I said I've
been doing 10 to 20 studies a day for
the last 10 plus years minimum and
that's minimum because of my daily
routine but to this day I still wake up
in one of my top priorities is to read
what what's the new what's the newest
research what's the latest study on
everything psychology Behavior muscle
mass that starts from whatever I'm
always accumulating knowledge religion
politics chemistry biology I don't care
what it is if it's gonna help me protect
provide a parent better I'm reading it
right so you should have that same
mindset guys always accumulate knowledge
don't be a closed-minded dumb [ __ ]
that's why laughing people say you act
like you know it all [ __ ] I know more
than you and so that matters all right
next listening skills I'm gonna put that
at [ __ ] amazing you gotta have good
listening skills again to me that that's
part of the whole intelligence
accumulating knowledge thing right you
got to be you got to be a good listener
even the wisest Kings who ever lived
back in the ancient days you guys know I
love history I'm a big history nerd
history military history anthropology
whatever but the the wisest came to ever
lived were amazing listeners you know
everyone talks about Alexander the Great
but everybody forgets that he learned
from Aristotle right everybody talks
about the achievements of the great
Kings the Genghis khans of the world and
the ponies of the world but they forget
that the advisors that they had around
the table so you got to be a good
listener even people that I know more
than I still listen to because again I
told you I wake up every day thinking
I'm a dumbass no matter how much
knowledge I accumulate I wake up every
day thinking I'm a dumb ass is something
I don't know so I'm always listening
always reading always taking that
information all right next handsome I'm
gonna put that okay right because once
again that is not enhance does not
increase your ability to protect that is
not increasability to provide it does
help you in the parenting Department
because it's going to help you get it
made you know it's going to be a lot of
it's going to be an advantage when
you're looking to get it made but it's
not going to increase your ability to
directly parent right you could be ugly
ass that and still be a good dad so I'm
going to put that okay simply because it
gives you a slight Edge when it comes to
finding a mate but it does not boost
your masculinity once again there are
people who are way more handsome way
more better looking at me and I still
virgins can't get it made because
they're lacking so many other things
right so stop thinking that just because
you're handsome
life is going to be super easy now if
you're handsome and you have the other
skills that are in the top tiers oh yeah
life is going to be a breeze for you
because trust me as an ugly [ __ ] I had
to do it the hard way I had to
overcomposition in so many other
departments in order for me to make it
through life meanwhile guys who are
better looking did not have to do as
many of the things that I had to do to
make it right so again so I put out okay
because it gives you an advantage but
it's not mandatory when it comes to
masculinity there's a lot of masculine
ugly ass [ __ ] out there right that's
passion I'm gonna put that in I'm about
to nut category right and passion I'm
putting you know everything that has to
do with having that Zeal having that
enthusiasm not just for life but for
whatever it is that your craft is
whatever it is that you decide to devote
your entire life to whatever your life's
purpose is remember team 3D right
dominance discipline direction right so
you gotta have passion for whatever it
is that you do because that's the only
way you're going to succeed I've never
seen a person who's successful at what
they do but don't have passion for it I
mean think about it guys I love
self-improvement I love uh helping young
men and one of the reasons why I'm still
doing it to this day even though it
literally pays me nothing compared to my
real income right compared to my real
job the reason why I'm still doing is
because I love it right that's why
everything I do is up there for free
that's why even though I'm demonetized
all the time I'm still making those
videos that's why even though I'm
literally losing money in terms of
opportunity costs and actual money each
time I make those videos that's why I
still do it because one I could finance
my goddamn self I've been doing it for
the last 10 years and two again I
[ __ ] love it right and that's also
why I think about that's why I can't be
bored that's why I have no that's why I
turned down every sponsorship you could
think about that's why I still refuse to
open on a patreon after all these years
my own subscribers have been asking me
to open a picture and I still refuse to
do it right because I want no conflict
of interest no sponsorships no Amazon
affiliate links I turn down money every
[ __ ] day in order to keep my Channel
free from conflicts of interest and once
again that's why I don't even release a
program or a book unless it's available
for free first on the videos or the
Articles or the Reddit of the Discord
and stuff like that so it's impossible
to do that if you don't have passion for
something so have passion guys it's
Gonna Make You deadly next fatherliness
obviously I'm going to put that I'm
about to not category because again you
know that's the whole point of
masculinity the whole point of
masculinity is to eventually have
children lead them and eventually like I
said earlier in the video become a
grandfather which is the ultimate goal
remember the goal is not to be a father
to be a grandfather so following is
everything that comes with that right
patience love discipline empathy
compassion anything that makes you a
good father I'm putting that and I'm
about to not category right you learn a
lot about life the moment you have to
care about somebody other than yourself
when somebody else becomes more
important than you you leveled up in
life next being faithful man okay I'm
gonna put that again I'm gonna tell you
why right because it depends on what you
mean by faithful if it's on my monogamy
[ __ ] I'm gonna put that in pure
garbage right because again I've said it
many times men did not evolve to be
monogamous this is another [ __ ] lie
that you would fail your entire life men
as a species right right did not evolve
we did not evolve to be monogamous I
could back this up with so much evidence
we evolve to be polygamous right I can
make a whole video explain to you why
monogamy is uh uh is shoved down our
throat but I won't talk about it now
because video is going to be too long so
if you're talking about uh faithfulness
I'm putting this in pure garbage if you
talk my faithful as far as like in a
unit relationship with a with your
partner you guys agreed on monogamy
right and then obviously yeah you got
I'm gonna put that in [ __ ] amazing
right because that has to do with
integrity and you know being truly yours
and all that stuff so if you and your
partner agreed that you're going to do
monogamy then obviously you know stick
to it right I personally think that the
only time a man should give an argument
is if he's found to raise a child and uh
monogamy is conducive to that right so
if you're trying to raise a child and
your your partner is not okay with
polygamy or if uh being polygamous is
gonna negatively affect your child's
life then okay you know choose monogamy
to me that's the only benefit of
monogamy really is to raise competition
you can still do you can still do it
with polygamy just not in this Society
this Society is so [ __ ] that very hard
to but again if you're not trying to
have a kid don't even waste your time
you guys know I don't even believe in
relationships right if it's not for the
purpose of having a child I don't even
believe in relationships but I think man
should be single I think relationships
are a waste of time I think they're a
huge distraction I think you should
focus on your goal your life's purpose
and when in fact that was my plan you
guys remember right that was my plan
when I was younger my plan was to have a
kid at 45. I was trying to just focus on
myself until I had a kid and wait until
I was in my mid 40s before I had my
first shot but obviously you guys know
my story I was a professional tree
Clapper I love sex way too much and
eventually you know I got a kid early
now I'm not going to go back in time and
change it I don't regret it
um but it did [ __ ] me up pretty bad it
changed the trajectory of my life to be
fair a lot of good things came out of it
as well for one my daughter two like I
said earlier you level up when you have
a kid I just felt like I would see young
when it happened to me I was only 23.
but anyway long story short you know um
once you have a kid you got to pick the
method of uh whatever system is best for
them for me he was monogamy I had to be
monogamous I hated it I had to put my
dick back in my pants but you know it
worked out you know I raised an amazing
child uh but don't let people force you
into picking monogamy if you have the
option to be polygamous because that's a
natural biological state it should be
polygamous but anyway I could make a
whole separate video about that because
there's so many things I have to mention
so many disclaimers and caveats but next
Integrity I'm gonna put that I'm about
to not category man you gotta have
integrity you gotta have a you gotta
have principles that you stand by you
gotta have in you gotta aim to be
remember Integrity comes from the word
intact right so you gotta aim to be
upright again I'm not talking about
religious [ __ ] right you get all
these
self-righteous virtue signaling clowns
out of here you guys know how I feel
about religion I cannot stand religion
like I can make a whole separate video
on that but again it's pointless because
it's all done it's all it's going to do
is get emotional people more emotional
because religious people religion is one
of the worst things that happen to
mankind you know it's like fire right
it's it's great it's great at uniting
it's great at bringing um people
together or whatever but it's also great
at destroying it's great at dividing
it's funny how to say uniting and
dividing in the same sense because
you're right in order to unite people
you got to divide right you gotta in
order to unite a group of people you got
to First separate them from people who
are different in them so uh religion is
a double-layer sword but this is not a
video about religion I can make a
separate video about that but now if
you're spiritual like I always say
that's a whole different thing to me I
don't put spirituality and organized
religion in the same box to me those are
two different things if you're spiritual
you believe in a higher power or
whatever
in much respect to you but if you
believe in organized [ __ ] religion
which is the biggest scam that ever
happened to humanity which was literally
created by politicians then God help you
no pun intended like I always say if you
in order to be religious you need to be
two things first you need to either be
ignorant or arrogant or both you need to
be the ignorant of world history and
politics and economics or you just need
to be arrogant there's no other way to
be religious you're either ignorant
you're arrogant it's not surprising that
some of the greatest atrocities that the
world has ever seen uh was committed by
religious people but anyway
um back to Integrity I'm about to not
category right you got to have a spine
there's too many cowards out there guys
so many men who just bend over backwards
change their beliefs or refuse to stand
up for what they believe in uh you know
uh two-faced all that [ __ ] right have
integrity guys are saying I'm about to
not category is that going to help you
protect yeah right because again it
means if you have integrity it means you
have a [ __ ] spine it means you have a
spine right you know this protect you
got to have a spine you can't be a
coward is it going to help you provide
of course right because people know
you're reliable you have integrity
that's definitely going to help you in
your career whatever you focus on and
it's not going to help you empowerment
absolutely right you're going to Bear
children who wants a father who's not
you know who has no Integrity come on
all right next be Dependable again same
thing I'm about to not category right
you want to be somebody people can rely
on right and it checks all three boxes
it makes you good at protecting makes
you good at providing and it makes you
good at parenting you want to be
Dependable you know this is again it's
one of the reasons why I want you guys
to have money because it's very hard to
rely on a broke person either going to
be late you can count on them to bail
you out you can't count on them to
[ __ ] do anything right so you got to
be dependental as a man you want to be
the person that people go to for help
you know not to stroke your [ __ ] ego
but no because that's literally what we
want to do as a remember we evolved as
social creatures we were always in
groups right you had to be reliable in
fact that's how you man became alpha
males I already told you guys watch my
video on your ancestors alpha male watch
that one because we've lost the meaning
what it is to be an alpha male I always
explain that but somehow this myth keeps
on going people thinking Alpha Metals
just big bad bully you know an alpha
male was the most valuable person in the
group simply because he provided the
most protector the most important to the
most it simply means you're the most
capable person in the group you're the
most reliable person in the group you're
the most you're the person that the
entire group can go to for leadership
for guidance provision that's what it
meant to be an alphabet it wasn't based
on you know oh look I could bully
everybody no man like that got their
heads chopped off
if you want alpha male back then it's
because you were competent so that's why
I want every man watching my video to
strive to be alpha males be the guy that
people go to for whatever it is that you
feel this right because it's relative
right the best pilot in the world is
useless on the operating table right and
the best surgeon in the world is [ __ ]
useless you know in a [ __ ] passenger
playing cockpit straws to be the most
valuable person in that field Next
Fitness now I'm gonna put that at
[ __ ] amazing right notice I put
having huge muscles in okay but why am I
putting Fitness in [ __ ] amazing
because Fitness includes physical
strength it includes uh combat skills
combat ability it includes endurance
right because you could have big muscles
and have zero endurance you're [ __ ]
useless you can't even drag them out
right so Fitness includes but also
includes obviously Health right so it
includes everything so Fitness is
physical health right cardiovascular
have everything it encompasses the whole
nine yards right also in order to be fit
you got to have mental toughness right
which to me it's so [ __ ] crucial if
you want to be a man you gotta have
mental toughness very hard to be fit
when you're a little [ __ ] right so
[ __ ] amazing the only reason I'm not
putting in I'm about to not category is
because some people got injured some
people will War veterans some people
lost their legs right and then no longer
quote don't go fit does that mean
they're less of it man of course not so
that's the only reason why I stand I'm
about to not categories because a man
can uh no longer be fed because of
injuries and you know uh war injuries
accidents you know that does not make
them less of a man so that's the only
reason why I'm not putting this higher
else this would have been higher and
again it tricks all three boxes Being
Fit allows you to protect it makes you
better protecting it makes you better
providing for your family because again
men evolves to be hunters and gatherers
because again many of us to be Hunters
women selected men right sexual
selection based on the ability to hunt
and obviously it allows you to parent
because think about it when you're out
of shape even your fertility goes down
so that's again Nature's saying [ __ ] off
you shouldn't pass on your genes all
right next generosity being generous I'm
gonna put that at [ __ ] amazing simply
because again team 3D the third part is
Direction having a life purpose you know
which is which is a spiritual goal
something greater than yourself having a
vision for the world having a mission to
help others that's what the third letter
of Team 3D stands for so you got to be
generous that's why again every single
thing that I put out there is for free
right like I would say the ones who want
to support the channel that could go to
the site by the ebook but I've made this
promise over 10 years ago and I've been
through two way for 10 actually 11 years
now actually no my 2020 three so yeah
I've been shooting my promise for 12
years that every single piece of
information I release will be free this
way if I've helped you and you want to
support the channel you could grab the
book if you don't want to support the
channel you can still access every
single thing in my ebook for free but
that's just one example of generosity
right there's many examples you know
give to the poor help people out you
know make yourself available things like
that right but you got to be generous as
a man once again we evolved in tribes we
evolved to be social creatures and if
you look at hunter-gatherers societies
men are actually promoted based on high
egalitarian they are based on how
generous they are last but not least
confidence I'm gonna put that I I'm
about to not category you gotta be
confident oh guys people want the median
houses that you five seven ugliest [ __ ]
and you were able to accomplish so much
in your life guys it's my confidence I
have unshakable [ __ ] confidence keep
in mind the guys who know my backstory
you know what I'm talking about right
growing up with no father in the home
for the first 11 years of my life I only
saw my dad once or twice a month at most
it was usually about once a month right
so no father in the home the most evil
person I've ever met in my [ __ ] life
was my mother right you guys know the
backstory some of you do so growing up
suffering so much right having to come
to the United States at age 11 having to
learn a brand new language remember guys
French was my native language so I had
to learn English here uh being bullied
right in Harlem New York Staten Island
New York having no father to protect you
your big brothers are not there to
protect you your mother's a complete
dictator and narcissistic Twisted evil
person I mean the only reason why I
didn't break down and I never committed
suicide and I never let depression
destroy me because God knows how long I
battled with depression the only reason
why I survived is because of my
unshakable confidence especially my
confidence in the values of masculinity
I go I mentioned in more details in my
masculinity my task I go over it in more
details in my toxic masculinity video
but it's my confidence not just in
myself but in the pillars of masculinity
that kept me going I always told myself
Jonathan no matter how bad you got it
somebody out there has it worse somebody
out there has the worst and if Dale
became it so can you right and it's
because of that confidence that I
accomplished so much in my lifetime that
I not only survive but accomplished so
much people talk about they started they
start a life on hard mode guys when you
grow up and you don't even have the love
of your mother let alone the presence of
your father life is not a hard mode life
is on [ __ ] Dark Souls hyper hard
nightmare mode but here I am today so
again confidence you gotta have that
guys you gotta develop confidence and
like I always say for people who say
well how do you develop confidence you
develop competence I say that all the
time competence equals confidence
competence breeds confidence you want to
be confident become competent in
something again team 3D right that's
what the first letter is dominance right
dominance discipline Direction
Dominus is the first letter for a reason
you gotta become dominant as something
you got to become competent as something
you gotta find where your genetic
strengths are what your area of
expertise is whatever it is you got to
dominate it become competent at it and
confidence will come as a result right
but it is impossible to be a masculine
male unless you're confident right and
women could just smell that [ __ ] on you
because it's one thing that you can't
fake you cannot fake confidence right
you cannot fake confidence all right so
all these [ __ ] books and readers or
you know 30 steps to become more
[ __ ] [ __ ] you can have fake
confidence right it's a byproduct of
competence never forget that right and
again it checks all three boxes when
you're confident does it make you better
at does it increase your ability to
protect yes does it increase your
ability to provide yes and does it make
you a better parent absolutely right who
wants to who wants that father to be a
little [ __ ] come on right it's going to
allow you to protect your children lead
your children and um you know protect
them from this dangerous world we live
in there are many things that should be
on this list but again I I literally got
this from this random article and I put
an order for you guys there are many
things that should be on the list uh if
I had to make my own version that guys
there'll be 70 items on the list and I
will literally show you where everything
goes
but uh really you should get the gist of
it just by watching this one so you want
me to rank any other list that you find
online you know usually what I do is
whenever you guys request to tell list I
just pick anything that's training
anything that's popular and I organize
it for you guys but I can also do what I
used to do in the past which is create
my own list so it's up to you guys but
um but yeah so I'm about to not category
focus on this you know money passion
fatherliness Integrity being Dependable
confidence [ __ ] amazing intelligence
uh listening skills faithful again this
is really loyalty it's not just to women
but also to men
um right because you know you want to be
loyal even in your social group right
Fitness generosity right and everything
else is you know okay or bad so in the
okay category meaning it doesn't boost
your masculinity too much but it also
doesn't hurt it so that's having huge
muscles being good and bad cooking and
cleaning height uh being kind humor
handsome all that stuff and obviously
bad you know that stuff that's a
complete [ __ ] waste of time right I
mean if you want to do it cool but I
wouldn't spend any of my RPG points uh
my stats into sense of style and being
romantic get that [ __ ] out of here but
uh all right that's it guys uh join the
Instagram I'm gonna be a lot more active
on it join the Discord great Community
there uh obviously join the Reddit and
as always if you want me to make more
chill lists just send me list send me
any top 10 top 20 lists you want me to
rank and I'll filter through the
[ __ ] for you guys all right I'm out
of here all right guys don't forget to
like or share the video subscribe and
hit the bell and buy my HSB nucleus of a
little training program you see ultimate
program for maximum muscle growth it
includes full body workout Splash Bros
plus push-pull home workouts you name it
also comes with a complete guide for
macros nutrition fat loss monster growth
hormones including a meal plan it's
pretty much all my 16 years of
experience condensed into one [ __ ]
book you're also gonna get free copies
of any future Edition so visit
team3dalpha.com and you can use the 40
off coupon code nucleus overload or you
could just buy the share full price all
right guys I'm out of here
