hey guys what going on Megan here the
best physiques from UFC 312 tomorrow by
the way hopefully you guys will be
watching as well all right let's get
straight to it let's start with Jonathan
I'm actually going to put Jonathan at he
has a pretty good physique by the way
not bad his average um so let's see I'm
going to put him at pretty good I'm
going to put him at pretty good pretty
pretty good physique probably one of the
best physiques in this lineup but next
we have Toria by the way I'm excited to
see his first bout uh the UFC but anyway
I'm going to put
T has a let's see actually pretty good
as well he has a pretty good physique um
let's see next
one there's another picture of him I
should have selected where he was
absolutely shredded um I should make a
video comparing him and his brother but
anyway next we have uh Tom I'm going to
put Tom at uh I'm going put Tom at not
bad you know pretty average physique uh
let's
see by the way this list is super
subjective so I know a lot of you guys
are going to have your play spin around
but feel free to do it as well let's see
next we
have Justin I'm not going to lie I'm not
going to lie guys Justin is definitely
going to hell now by the way this is all
for Laughs Guys these guys even the guy
with the worst physique on here will
body anybody watching this video so
again this is all subjective um and it's
so for Laughs all right next we have
unsure I can never say his name right
but Uno I'm going to put him at pretty
good he has a pretty pretty good
physique uh next we
have next we have V slav man I'm going
to put V slav at I'm going to put him at
not bad not bad pretty out his physique
uh from a bodybuilding perspective let's
see next we have Kevin Kevin is actually
on the rate in terms of physique I'm
going to put him at I'm G to put him at
pretty good pretty good physique um
let's see Kobe I'm going to put Kobe by
the way you know he got bullied in
school with the last name thi uh Kobe i
g to put Kobe at uh I'm put him at not
bad not bad um next we have Cody I'm
going to put Cody I'm actually G going
to put Kobe at pretty good Kobe has a
pretty good physique um and obviously
all these guys look even more impressive
when they're flexing but uh anyway next
we have draus guys guys I gotta put
draus somewhere at the top of pretty
good very very good physique very well
built low body fat percentage
um if it wasn't for his frame he'll look
even better but uh next we have tar I'm
going to put him M I'm going to put him
at they saying it bro they saying it uh
know you could beat my ass but goddamn
man they saying it uh next we
have wrong I always [ __ ] butcher his
name I'm just going to say wrong I'm
going to put him at that's a pretty good
physique man I want to put him somewhere
between pretty good and not bad I should
have had another category for that I
want to put him my pretty good I want to
put him my pretty good um
well do fall you got come on you got to
go to desan bro desan it um next we have
Jack I'm going to put jack at pretty
good pretty good physique quillin I'm
going to put him at pretty good Santos
I'm also going to put at pretty good
Jake I'm gonna put at H I'm gonna put
Jake in not bad put him in that bad not
a big fan of his physique uh next we
have Jimmy Jimmy's goingon to go that
bad I was tempted to put him up there
but he's going to go that bad Francisco
I'm gonna put him at o I wanted to put
him here I'm G to put him at pretty good
Sean okay so what stri land is funny
right because sometimes physic looks
amazing and some other times it looks
like he just had 30 beards so obviously
depend on how much water he's retaining
and whether he's you know after cut
pre-cut or postcut obviously that's
going to affect how he looks but uh I'm
going to put this one is tough which
version of Sean should I use cuz Sean
had some moments where he had a very
very uh impressive physique uh God damn
it what should I put straight L
um crap crap crap I should have thought
of that beforehand uh let's see what do
you guys think pretty good not bad
pretty good not bad like I said depends
on which version of Sean uh I'm going to
put sh not bad I'm put sh not bad cuz
his physique goes up and down like crazy
whether he's cutting or not now as far
as the ladies guys I actually had other
plans there was another category I was
going to create for the ladies but I was
like nah YouTube is going to cancel the
[ __ ] out of me so I can't use that
category so I'm going have to either not
rank them or uh yeah I'm just not going
to rank actually should I rank the
ladies what criteria am I going to use
because I'm using completely different
criteria for the guys like I said
there's a whole different tier that I
wanted to add for the ladies I actually
wanted to add two more my OG Subs know
what those tiers are but like I said I'm
going to get cancelled um so God damn it
all right so I guess I'm not going to
rank the ladies but anyway that's it
guys stay tuned for the next video
