all right guys what's up Megan here this
video was shot last week it's me and
Marco at the end of our shoulder routine
a back within I believe it was uh we
were doing some some some trap training
and Marco as you can tell has some of
the biggest traps I've ever seen and um
so when it comes to trap training I I
usually go through a lot of things that
he says here we're doing three sets of
20 and um he's really big on using not
too heavyweight squeezing at the top and
all that [ __ ] I'm the opposite I like
stretching at the bottom but now I'm
doing both stretching at the bottom
which is like I believe the most
important and squeezing at the top and
I'm getting Gaines um so yeah three up
to 20 what I was doing here was
different I would start off with my for
you know without straps to also train my
forearms a bit it's the back day and
when my forarms give out as you see here
I put the way down put on the straps and
continue until my traps are done because
your forarms will always give out before
your traps so it's a good way to you
know strengthen your G
so I I put some chalk on my hands shu to
failure put the straps and do kind of
like a rest ball you know until the end
we did it with the dumbbells and then we
went over to the ball Bells uh and by
the way Marco at first I thought it was
all genetics like most people when I saw
his traps and when I did a lot of
research on him in fact I might make a
video on him showing you guys why his
neck is so big and his traps are so big
uh kind of like I made the olda video a
lot of you guys liked it so I'm going to
make a lot of these videos because I
have almost everybody's stories on how
to build
muscle I'm going to make one for Marco
he used to play rugby by the way so
that's GI that's already given a hint
that's why his traps are so big so I
looked at his picture when he was 16 and
he had no traps whatsoever you know I'm
like what happened it's good it's good
not to assume I told you guys every time
somebody has a spectacular physique yes
it might be genetics don't get me wrong
but it doesn't hurt to do more research
and find exactly what they were doing I
did it with my uncle did it with Matt
you know all these people and we find
out actually things that they
did by by accident you know
unconsciously which you know led to
their games so I was shocked to hear
Marco story even he was shocked he goes
oh yeah I never thought about that
usually what happens with everyone when
I tell him well that's the reason why
you have
traps but anyway uh here's the mustion
chip in the
way um usually what I try to do was
stick it between my legs but I forgot
this
time all right trying to at the top and
I'm also you guys can't really tell but
I'm also stretching at the bottom I'm
literally pushing the ball down so it's
not just like going up and coming down
as I go down I do I get maximum stretch
by actually pushing the ball down and
this will have your trap so for days
especially if you push down cuz it's
kind of like a by pushing down with only
225 if you notice I'm using lightweight
here we're doing High Reps by pushing
the weight down at the bottom you you
emulating a um a deadlift you know cuz
it feels like the weight is actually
heavier than it is cuz you pushing
down
so I was s for like three or four days
after that
workout yeah Marco Ching R making fun of
the mushroom tip getting in the
way there he go
again and he's he says every time he
shrugs yo so a lot of people are
confused about whether should keep their
head up or down or whatever well he he's
pretty much he says that most of the
time most of the time when he trugs he
keeps his head down and you know usually
he'll move it up and down which is not
safe but you know we don't all have sex
but perfect for we don't believe in that
[ __ ]
anyway still enough to stimulate
contract the muscle and not to get hurt
it's about it don't be an ass about
it all
right and I noticed when I started doing
that too which is like keeping my head
my my my chin on my chest I actually get
like a my neck is actually sold in next
day it's kind of like a little neck
workout too for some reason I don't know
I do more research into that but some
people say Keep Your Head neutral uh I
know Johnny Jackson says he puts his
chin down also so that's two people two
witnesses I want to take their word cuz
I mean if you guys see Johnny Jackson's
traps he know the thing or two about it
what else going to talk about video I
about 40 minutes more I don't know also
I will I can make a video
soon uh showing you guys my routine for
now me and Mar routine Mar's doing my
routine for the next uh for the four for
four weeks and then we're going to
switch it together for another four
weeks so if you want I can make a video
tell you guys what I'm doing reason why
I can't record my workast anymore
because I broke my camera and I had to
get another one so I'm still working on
that had a camera had a camera for three
years sucks anyway thanks for watching
comments below
