so people on trt are getting double 100
more testosterone every week than the
average person
hey what's going on megan here so
there's this big misconception out there
that being on trt
is very similar to being natural simply
because your testosterone levels on tlt
are supposed to be in the normal range
well let me show you why this is pure
[ __ ] the average person with shady
genetics and shitty lifestyle so bad
nutrition bad sleep whatever produces
about 20 milligrams of testosterone
every week the average person
where average genetics average lifestyle
management produces about 50 milligrams
of testosterone every week
now if you have amazing genetics or you
have amazing
recovery management
great sleep great nutrition great
everything then you produce about 70
milligrams of testosterone every week
and keep in mind this is extremely rare
most people are going to be around this
number here around 50 milligrams a week
now if you're on trt even a low dose 150
milligrams of trt let's say testosterone
enantite once you remove the ester
weight you are getting
105 milligrams of testosterone every
week so people on trt are getting double
100 more testosterone every week than
the average person and fifty percent
more than people with amazing genetics
and amazing lifestyle management and
this is with just a low dose of about
140 to 150 milligrams of testosterone
keep in mind that some are getting up to
200 milligrams if they can convince the
doctors to prescribe them adults that
high so don't let anybody tell you that
just because they're on trt or hrt it
puts them in the same category as a
person who's natural it is such a toxic
and dangerous lie because it makes the
average person think that if they don't
feel like a person on tlt they don't
look like a person on trt then they must
be doing something wrong
no [ __ ] they're in a completely
different league and keep in mind they
also maintain high levels of
testosterone throughout most of the week
from the first injection
until the next injection meanwhile as a
natural you have to deal with the daily
fluctuations in testosterone which
obviously is released throughout the
night peaks in the morning and starts to
crash during the day so they have higher
free testosterone levels higher total
testosterone levels and the more stable
concentration of high testosterone
levels as long as the time the
injections right so stop falling for the
[ __ ] stop falling for the oh i'm not
on steroids i'm only on trt [ __ ] it
is so toxic because it teaches young
naive naturals that i can attain the
same amount of energy levels same amount
of aggression levels motivation levels
and obviously same amount of muscle
definition and maturity same amount of
muscle growth as a person on tlt not
even close best case scenario the most
you get is about hair right which is
roughly 10 milligrams of testosterone
per day everybody else mostly here right
around six to seven milligrams of
testosterone a day and if you're just
[ __ ] everything up if your sleep is
trash your nutritionist trash your
micronutrients to trash you live a very
stressful lifestyle you're not eating
enough food whatever then the most you
make is about three to four milligrams
at the start so in a day right so that
is out there try your hardest to strive
for this level right and if you go
slightly higher than that great but
don't think that you'll produce
quote-unquote tlt levels unless you have
a [ __ ] tumor in your hypothalamus so
you have some genetic condition that
makes your body over produce
testosterone strive for this range and
trust me you will feel amazing even at
70 milligrams of testosterone per week
naturally obviously assuming that your
androgen receptors are normal and that
your sex hormone biting globulin levels
are not too high right your motivation
will be high your recovery from training
will be high your energy levels will be
high your sex drive will be high your
bone density will go up pretty much
you're gonna reap almost all of the
benefits of high testosterone without
having to join the dark side right now
obviously you're not gonna have them as
high
right you're not gonna have those
factors as high as somebody else tlt but
you're also not going to have the side
effects
that someone on tlt has all right so
strive for here guys and don't use these
guys as a comparison or measuring stick
completely differently and keep in mind
this is not even ifbb
uh bodybuilders i have rebody builders
are getting at least five times higher
doses than this oh and remember i'm not
against tlt i'm not even against
steroids i'm against the wrong people
using it in my opinion steroids should
be reserved for only three groups of
people one professional athlete so if
you're the nfl if you're in sports
professional bodybuilding ifbb at the
elite level you'll be an idiot to step
on stage and try to compete with the
other reuter guys if you're natural and
same thing as sports if you're playing
in a very brutal and competitive sport
with millions of dollars on the line and
you're getting knocked around every day
then [ __ ] do whatever the [ __ ] you want
with your life because that's what puts
money in your table the second group of
people obviously the people that
steroids were invented for which was
your ill patients burn victims cancer
patients people that are riding away in
bed well obviously the doctor is going
to inject them with steroids because
that's literally why
testosterone derivatives were invented
for in order to reverse the loss of
muscle tissue from disease or burns or
stuff like that and number three the
third group is obviously people who are
[ __ ] at birth with some genetic
condition that does not allow them to
produce testosterone naturally so if
you're not an athlete a professional
athlete
you're not a [ __ ] burn or cancer or
hiv patient and number three you don't
have a genetic condition or disease that
prevents you from producing testosterone
naturally you have no business hopping
on the juice but again that's just my
opinion do whatever the [ __ ] you want do
what makes you happy just remember that
it is best to stay natural and simply
eat well train well sleep well then hop
on to a lifetime commitment that can
have severe consequences but anyway guys
hope this video helped see you in the
comment section join the tech talk join
the reddit where we have a lot more of
these conversations all right guys don't
forget to like or share the video
subscribe and hit the bell and buy my
hsp nucleus of a little training program
it's the ultimate program for maximum
muscle growth it includes full body
workout splits bros place push pull
home workouts you name it also comes
with a complete guide for macros
nutrition fat loss muscle growth
hormones including a meal plan it's
pretty much all my 16 years of
experience
condensed into one [ __ ] book you're
also gonna get free copies of any future
edition so visit team3dalpha.com
and you can use the forty percent off
coupon code nucleus overload or you
could just buy this [ __ ] at full price
all right guys i'm outta here
