hey guys going on making here you knew
this video was coming so this video was
coming up my biggest pet peeve in the
fitness industry is when I hit that line
stronger means bigger wrong wrong wrong
wrong
Hey I literally crying every time I hear
that right
it's one of those things that's been
debunked years ago but it's somehow
still being perpetrated pisses me off
but I'm gonna try to make this video as
short as possible on the last time I
said and I did I make an entire video
but this one I'm gonna try my best right
and we see why I hate this advice so
much because it's not only it's wrong
it's flat-out wrong it's against bout it
literally it's it's flat-out wrong but
at least injuries it leads to improper
programming it leads to improper volume
in most people's training programs right
and it just sends people down the wrong
way right
stronger That's not me bigger in fact
it's the other way around
I've been saying this year after year
after year the bigger you are that will
usually translate to more size I mean to
to more strength all right and I
understand this is not it's not a theory
this is not an idea it's not a fad this
is a fact this has been proven by
experts that are both in the field and
in the lab time and time again but
somehow I still see that on my comments
section every time I make a video about
high rep training volume training
there's always money my comment section
well you know that's not gonna work as
the reps are too high you know you're
not really gonna get stronger from there
so therefore you won't get big Bush I
don't know you guys the hearing is in
fact there was only one idiot years ago
that used to preach there right but
somehow it's still being propagated how
vital it I'm gonna keep this video short
as possible so let's get straight to it
right and you understand guys I know
what the [ __ ] I'm talking about
right you so much you saw the last video
I've been not only studying muscle
growth for years but this is my passion
right I'm [ __ ]
this [ __ ] I mean the studies I'm gonna
anecdotes I'm everywhere right as I came
up with new clean solo you know and
again once again people thought it was
full of [ __ ] and now everyone knows
everyone realizes that oh [ __ ] the
science backing it up
same thing with raccoons when I made the
first video by raccoons back in 2012
about stretch overload and how it's the
best little traps go look at the comment
section know this is not true you got a
squeeze and listen listen that years
later right post took the internet by
[ __ ] storm I know what the [ __ ] I'm
talking about guys I'm showing you guys
knowing the science but the anecdotes so
let's get straight to it
intensity will survive I'm essentially
referring to a heavyweight violin you
know more example eccentric things like
that right in general terms here's why I
don't give you five reasons why you can
get bigger right what I happen to focus
on strength right strength is that's
gonna be a byproduct of getting bigger
but I'm gonna explain it right so much
don't see that the size number one
intensity versus well it has been proven
time and time again that you can't cut
your weight so the weight that you
lifting you can cut that [ __ ] in half
you can go from a ninety percent one rep
max that's for a program to a 40% to 50%
one rep max and not only make equal
gains but in some cases even more games
right and it's been shown that when you
cut your one rep max you know let's say
you lifting ninety percent you want my
max or eighty-five percent on your one
rep max and you cut it to 50% of your
one rep max right not only gonna put on
size and it's been shown right um but
your surf is gonna go down right so if
you used to train ninety percent you're
one of my max and you switch over to 50%
or 60% right you're gonna lose strength
relative to where you were before I
guess what you're gonna put on just as
much size if not more and it's been
proven it's not a [ __ ] idea guys this
has been proven time and time again
right so you can cut your weight in half
and double the volume and put on
ridiculous size even though you will
lose strength right so if you had stayed
on the heavy lifting meanwhile when you
flip the table around it
it doesn't work that way right so if you
cut volume in half but you double your
way you will not see better gains in
fact if you want let's say you need 10
sets you know based on a person everyone
is different but let's say you need 10
sets them to 2 so I should grow you know
grow your muscle so you're a person a
who needs 10 cents to build muscle at
the end of the week 10 weekly sets right
whereas you know if that person cuts his
volumen hat so from 10 sets to 5 sets
but literature's consistent he will lose
much so even if that person increases
its described so unless that person is
supposed to do ten sets they cut it down
to five sets right cut the bottom half
but they double the weight the size
games would be suboptimal
and this has been proven over and
[ __ ] over again so you see how it
works so you could cut your weight in
half and double your volume and put on
muscle but if you do do it but but if
you do the reverse you don't if you cut
your volume in half you know to the
point where it drops below you know the
the minimum battle that you need to put
on size and you increase your weight you
won't put on as much change that is the
number one proof that you do not need to
get stronger and I'm an artist when I'm
from a your absolute 1 rep max right it
is I need secondly and I begin the
second point everyone knows that study
seven sets of three same sizes three
sets of ten or I study by Brad Kim I
years ago and the foot of things I don't
like pulling out with random studies
because you could pull out a study to
prove anything after that several chops
but when you have study after study
after study on train I've trained
lifters showing the same conclusion what
the [ __ ] that's not the only study you
could go out there that's not the only
study that has shown is numerous studies
have came out and saw that seven sets of
three or someone lifting extremely heavy
so let's say 85 90 percent of your own
my max right that's gonna give you more
strength but I will not give you more
size relative to the person doing less
weight but an optimal value let that
sink in for a minute the people that
were doing seven sets of three were
lifting ridiculously heavy weight around
at three to four rep max
and they had to do seven sets to get the
same gains as the people who did three
sets and these are trained lifters it's
not newbies the trained lifters let that
sink in for a minute
and of course at the inner study what do
you think happened people who did seven
sets of three built significantly more
strength but what about the size gains
right if that to you is true that you
have to get stronger to get bigger then
the people with services to three
because they got so much stronger they
would put on so much more muscle mass
wrong wrong that's not what happened so
you're gonna do double the double the
[ __ ] sets right was significantly
more weight and end up with the same
size gains as somebody who just did
three sets of ten and got the [ __ ] out
the gym and you mean to tell me that you
need to get strong is good like legs it
blows my mind what do people come up
with this [ __ ] poor number three again
studies have shown over and over again
that you can build muscle as low as
twenty to thirty percent get one right
max then as we think it was real oh
right so your intensity so you can live
around twenty to thirty percent you want
my max I put on as much muscle not less
as much muscle as somebody lifting as
heavy as seventy to eighty percent that
is a seventy five percent drop in way
guys so you took the person that's
lifting seventy to eighty percent at one
right max you cut that program to where
they're now lifting twenty to thirty
percent and as long as volume is optimal
they're gonna plus a so they so that low
strike of course they're gonna lose
strength I mean if you go from lifting
Apes and you're one by Max to lifting
twenty to thirty percent for months even
though you're gonna put on size your
strength will go down relative to the
person who would have stayed on that
heavy program but you put on size just
as much if not more and like I sorta
know in the first point if you do the
same for volume no you actually lose
size if you cut your volume by 75% are
you kidding me
right the fourth one is all people right
and yet this has been shown over and
over again
old people have a blunted response to
lifting everybody knows that right an
old person is very offering to put on
muscle mass the M so activation its poor
they have higher myostatin levels right
we know this this is established like
it's what researchers have found over
and over again right if you
increase the weight on the board right
above obviously the minimum threshold
they still don't put on you know more so
they still have that blunter response
but guess what is the catcher so you
take an old person you mix it only forty
percent forty forty percent under one
rep max right the muscle building is
very very very suboptimal right you
increase the way to seventy to eighty
percent that one rep max guess what the
muscle building is still not optimal in
fact loud I'm still don't put a muscle
but researchers have found if you take
them from three sets of that same way to
six sets boom protein sentences comes
right back M tall kicks right back in my
stance starts to drop and I start
putting on just as much sighs well to
three young people right and there's so
many studies that have shown this over
and over again that you can double the
way and still not see gains even though
when you increase the way from forty
percent of your one rep max to eighty
percent for those old people guess what
their strength goes up this trip goes up
we'll just come and [ __ ] your sense but
this size does it but yet when you're
taking three sets to success of that
same [ __ ] weight whether it's forty
percent of that one of our max or eighty
percent size goes up it is a perfect
beautiful correlation but yet people are
still preaching this nonsense you need
to get stronger to get bigger you
[ __ ] don't if that was the case all
of these examples will lead to different
conclusions and that's just not the case
you can get on a program that actually
lowers your strength as far as 1 rep max
goes I still put on size that works for
young people old people animals has been
proven time and time again I hate seeing
that [ __ ] in my [ __ ] comment section
next stretching rep ranges
everyone knows you ask anybody who knows
the thing about exercise science or
performance of strength training that if
you want to get stronger the best rep
ranch to get stronger and I'm talking
about as fast as possible is the three
to five wrench right or even lower that
is that
absolute best rep range to get stronger
as fast as possible everyone knows this
right every [ __ ] one knows this yes
you suddenly get strong in a higher rep
ranges but I'm so my speedy if Johnny is
strong as fast as possible but strength
coaches will also tell you that that's
not the best rep range facades what the
[ __ ] is wrong with people these days you
you clearly have experts telling you hey
you only get stronger do it through the
fire rep range you want to get bigger do
a bit more reps right which is showing
you that it's not a perfect correlation
because if stronger man bigger then the
3 to 5 rep range would also be the best
referential size and no which is just
shown that in fact if you lifted it
through the fire right bench yeah she's
gonna put on some [ __ ] size of course
but you have to do almost double the
volume which is what I was shown in the
last slide right if stronger meant
bigger then the best rep rent the best
rep range for strength which is 3 to 5
would also be the best referential size
and it is clearly not so you could take
that argument though right out the
[ __ ] window
all right volume time on attention is
far more important for size let's trick
right that doesn't mean that they don't
go together of course you gotta live
heavy I mean my my program
HSP training the first 70% of my program
is based on heavy movements so you need
hangover I recommend heavy lips simply
because they're more efficient right
who the [ __ ] wasn't going to gym and do
30 reps when you could do 10 reps or 8
reps right but notice this is a matter
of efficiency it's not a matter of
necessity all right same thing if you
train lower than 3 reps right so let's
say you train at 3 rep max to rep max
whatever you get even stronger there's
somebody training in a fire rep range I
guess what
you wouldn't I get bigger than a comment
[ __ ] says and everyone knows the
famous example of Tom PLAs versus Fred
after right and again I don't like using
this example because it's a lot of
different factors steroids and all that
stuff but it also works on unnatural
lifters right go look at the competition
happen years ago where you know and
again Fred Hatfield who had I think he
squatted like over a thousand pounds
when he was like 40-something 45 right
significantly stronger than Tom Platts
when he came to absolute strength
crushed him in a squad but what happened
when they lower the weight and had to do
more reps right Tom blast blew him out
of the [ __ ] water and that's not just
based on using those two guys because
it's like the you know the epitome of
that example but you can look at many
people in the gym the person with the
strongest squat is not necessarily the
person with the biggest legs of course
you're gonna have big legs because he's
obviously guy in squat that baby I don't
volume right but I can guarantee you
find me a person a natural person would
put a very strong squat and then you
find me natural person with very big
quads the person with the biggest quads
right does more volume more reps at a
lower weight yet the person with the
biggest quads is not stronger than that
person with the strongest spot you can
see this time and time again write
something with Johnny Jackson one of my
favorite bodybuilders you guys know he's
one of the strongest bodybuilders out
there right [ __ ] he calls himself a
power builder because you know he does
powerlifting about and bodybuilding and
one of his weakest points everyone knows
was his legs right and asked him like
what the [ __ ] why do you like so shitty
he says god I squat he squats heavy
[ __ ] weight on top by having some of
the best genetics in the world on top of
being you know faster just [ __ ] right
West African descent on top of being on
vitamin s right he couldn't get his like
school and when he finally had a
breakthrough in his leg the flour here
was when he finally had a breakthrough
in his legs guess what he did he lowered
the [ __ ] weight and started doing
more value he explained that his several
interviews cuz I'm a geek a monster
there was a what the [ __ ] finally your
legs grew what did you do he said he
stalked me you know he said it was hard
for him because he loves moving heavy
weight but he has to lower the weight
increase the volume his legs [ __ ]
below and this was years into his career
if I was near the end of his career and
of course and he said interview you know
he's trapped went down because obviously
lift him let you go from 80% you're one
of my Mac so 60 70 percent of course
your Center is gonna go down but
SAS Campbell just like in a literature
just like in a research just like in
anecdotes right everything Ronnie
Coleman one of the strongest
bodybuilders of all time
one of the most gifted Bibles of all job
interview after interview tells you the
exact same thing even though he's strong
as [ __ ] he's noticed the best games in
his career when he lowered the weight
and increased its I want to change to
increase the references he said he said
he loves lifting heavy if it was up to
me he would lift three to five reps
every cent but he found out that the
gains even though they came that did not
come as fast as when he was lifted in
the high rep ranges and yes again this
is the same for people who are naughty
and people who are on steroids it's the
exact same thing across the board right
simply with calisthenics look at people
looking at settings they have great
muscular physics but they're not
stronger there you a virile and believe
the power lifter in fact take a person
who does cat aesthetics right and put
them in the gym against a lot of these
guys who just come in and squat three to
five reps you know pursuing that you're
gonna notice a completely different
completely different observations as far
as muscle size goes right the person who
is stronger is not necessarily bigger
get that out of your mind right same
thing the third point is protein
synthesis protein sensor which is really
muscle building right protein synthesis
is muscle building I hate people who say
all was not the only protein synthesis
is [ __ ] everything when it comes to
size it's protein sentences period now
of course the spike doesn't really mean
much if it has the last long right cuz
it's not just the bigger the the size of
spike it's also the duration of the
protein senator spike right but at the
end of the day
muscle building is protein sentences
alright you cannot build muscle what I
sense as a protein muscle is protein
okay and protein sentences because we
talking my size here happens before some
K in fact when you go to the gym right
now you put in enough value you
jumpstart the protein sentence process
and that happens before you even notice
the gains in strength so if you could
live let's say three sets of ten on I
don't know 225 on the bench right you go
to the gym you knock that out protein
synthesis will beginning and assuming
every times is optimal recovery diet
whatever right meanwhile you might not
even see the strength gains until one
two sometimes even too much
three months later right Strega so just
a quick super to come if not months so
yeah protein sentences starts from the
moment you activate that i'm so the
moment you doing a volume in the gym
after every single work and of course
it's a it's a very you know you're not
gonna see the size the next [ __ ] day
right even the protein senescence is
starting and i'm gonna see the size next
day but it's a slow process protein
synthesis begins before shrimp games so
how can you tell me that you need to get
strong in order to get bigger when
getting bigger the process of getting
bigger which is proteins and this is
happens before [ __ ] seconds
it drives me [ __ ] nuts that's
literally like saying that you need to
get wet in order to go out in the rain
yes stupid i [ __ ] sounds no going out
in the rain
gets you [ __ ] wet building more
muscle will make you stronger right
something with fat people right person
who's fat my purse strap goes through
the roof
I've trained clients who literally gain
weight I remember because I like to tell
you know a lot of my friends actually
training for free and I'm gonna be years
ago I was sitting with my friends and
again their strength was you know I like
everything strength was you know decent
whatever they stopped training got fat
as [ __ ] right and when I try to get back
on a training program we notice all the
lifts went up no [ __ ]
right even without training whatever
just getting fat putting on a lot of
[ __ ] weight increase you said that's
basic human me no fix in human
physiology bigger leads to getting
bigger Lisa getting stronger what are
you putting on muscle even if you put
him off fat you still put on some kind
of muscle right simply with my style my
style and efficient people meister and
efficient rats a naturally stronger
without even touching a [ __ ] way why
cuz they have no [ __ ] size same thing
putting on muscle protein synthesis has
also been shown study after study after
study to peak at around 60 percent you
on my max so yes so as low as 20 to 30
percent you could start building muscle
right but when you get close to 60 in
some cases 70 percent you wanna right
max protein sentences Peaks that means
will should get past that
you're not getting a bigger
responsibility in sentences but guess
what if you get past that 60% of one of
my mags your strength still goes up in
fact your strength goes up significantly
more as you get closer to 70 80 percent
when we're max even though protein
sinesses Peaks which clearly shows you
that you can get stronger
without getting sorry you could get
bigger what I getting strung up I'm
tripping balls which clearly shows that
you can get stronger without getting
bigger because as you go about sixty
percent here one of my max your muscle
building your protein citizens pits it
stops right 60 to 70 percent it just
speaks but yet your strength is going up
you see that this association okay and
it's the same thing I've seen in blood
flow restriction training katsu training
right we would have injuries they found
out that holy [ __ ] I got an injury my
strength went down but this what you put
them on a program with blood flow
restriction training or Harbor training
or whatever right and you find out that
the size increases the protein synthesis
increases hypertrophy increases
meanwhile there's significantly weaker
than a word before the injury they got
bigger what I getting stronger again I'm
not referring to progress a little
little and that's that's coming up
that's that's the last lot right because
eventually of course as you get bigger
your strength goes up and that allows
you to lift more weight it's not the
other way around people think I just
have to get stronger in order to get
bigger no [ __ ]
you should keep lifting with proper
programming proper technique proper form
proper nutrition right proper sleeping
recovery you will get bigger and
eventually as you get bigger that way
will no longer be a stressor on your
body so therefore you have to increase
the way or increase the repetitions with
that same way in order to see more
results but guess what that doesn't mean
that you have to get stronger to get
because no it means you got [ __ ]
bigger and that made you stronger and
that made that weight no longer
challenging you see how it works it's
the other way around that's why you have
to progressive overload it's not to you
know progressively overload
to get bigger sell around you got bigger
and that's what now you have to increase
the way because you're stronger now
right as a result of training and all
that stuff right you cannot force
principle you can't just go to the gym
and be like oh my god I'm benching 225
for 10 and that's my max I'm gonna go to
the gym and do 225 for 20 [ __ ]
if you could go to the gym and the 225
for 20 the damage you were always
capable of doing that you were just
training like a little [ __ ]
right
so again size comes before strength
protein sentences happens the moment you
[ __ ] like the rhythm soul and that is
way before the neuro adaptations and the
strength gains all right next slide
strength is mainly neuro muscular
adaptation everyone [ __ ] knows that
right even though it comes as a result
of size it's also more muscular right
and it's like things that are known you
either increasing firing frequency right
oh you increasing motor unit recruitment
right your brain is recruiting more
motor units which allows you to get
stronger before you know you know even
on the lady to science games which is
why I said what you say this is KP Wow
strength keeps going up once the
building can peak and get you can really
start building muscle while gaining
sugar because your brain is getting
better at recruiting morning units
called a firing mode right and yourself
crossed education everyone every
strength coach will tell you about cross
education where's you know you only ker
less than which all right all right and
you don't train your left arm at all you
just care what your right all right
and you progress available though you
increase the weight right or like this
right and then you find out the holy
[ __ ] your left bicep just stronger what
the [ __ ]
because your brain just gets better i
recording this motor unit so without
even
training your life all that on King is
stronger right
strength is neuromuscular guys
especially past a new phase right your
staff specificity technique right all of
all the ways to increase strength
without increasing some of the fact you
have you have literally you have
athletes and some fighters who literally
who literally focus on getting stronger
without getting bigger they hire experts
to say hey because on my sport whether
I'm a man I'm just using these pictures
you know just super slide
but well this MMA or whatever or even
sprinters for example dis guy you know
if last name my name is Harry something
right here's really good genetics so you
know he blows a really fast from
training right but obviously the bigger
he gets he supports actually hurting his
spending performance so here she hires
coaches to help him get stronger because
obviously you don't wanna get weaker
when you spreading right so your harness
coaches to help me get you stronger what
I getting bigger it's not the only one a
ton of athletes do that what they're
like hey I'm trying to get stronger
because of my sport whether it's
fighting or spreading whatever but I
don't want to pack on so much more so I
know this [ __ ] cringe-worthy for us
cuz we like what right because you know
us size maniacs we just focus on a
building size when we hear somebody not
trying to get baggy someone's like class
with me but yeah there are people out
there who don't want to get bigger just
wanna get stronger and I hire experts to
help them reach that and this happens
every single year and so enough they get
stronger what I getting bigger do these
things that I mention here by the fire
frequency motor unit we cool man all
that stuff better technique explosive
power all that stuff right so there are
several ways to get stronger what I
getting bigger to stop
oh I get so [ __ ] mad I guarantee you
I'm gonna shoot my comic section again
and I'm gonna [ __ ] lose it who is
preaching a garbage
apart from the one clown we reached out
years ago right
and finally progressive overload guys
I'm a big proponent of progressive
overload it's just it's miss supply
people miss supply when they hear
progress a little interesting haha
strength and strength after you strong
after you stronger and I'm like no
[ __ ] just get bigger especially if you
focus the size house you get bigger you
will get stronger as you train more your
brain will learn to recruit fibers
better and you will get stronger it
would come specially if your focus is
sound of course you focus your strength
obviously you know for the love of God
train for strength but if your focus is
size train for [ __ ] size she's trying
to will follow right when I put my
clients for training programs
all I care about is the proper form
proper technique so don't snap this [ __ ]
up proper volume proper frequency right
and as they get bigger I tell them look
when the lift gets too easy that means
that you're obviously getting stronger
right now we can increase the weight so
I don't tell them oh you got to go out
there you gotta just try to get stronger
you got a crystal with no I say what can
you do if you could do 12 reps do
[ __ ] smart if you feel limit is 12
reps then I want you to keep doing that
until eventually 1 you get bigger and
then you don't notice that that 12 reps
is too easy right but again notice how
the strength came after the size or two
when their brain becomes better I
recorded motor units which again comes
back to the same principle of they're
gonna notice that holy [ __ ] this list is
easy now and now they increase the
weight but you notice how stress did not
come first
no sighs came first or the neuromuscular
rotation came first then we increased
the weight people have it backwards now
people just lose the weight but I
literally go to Jimmy oh my god this is
my second workout and my best didn't go
up oh my god I got increase the weight
cuz I'm not gonna prune anymore so what
the [ __ ]
take your [ __ ] time strength will
come
so here the here five ways to increase
progress or locus I made the video Bob
my lever on the start my low you know
picked up the cat all that and people
have just miss applied that video and
that story everyone's familiar with the
story you know he picked up the guy walk
with it every day and that's the cat
grew he grew whatever and with up see
see I said you have to get stronger to
get bigger no [ __ ] how about he
got bigger from doing that and that
allowed I'm literally keep up with the
demand now what he things gonna happen
once the cast of [ __ ] growing you
think the cast stops blowing he's gonna
stop getting bigger no he can't
progressively overload by doing other
means one we already talked about it
value so instead of less thing he's
carrying the kara for I don't know let's
make it up let's say you know one mile
well you could do it for two miles even
though the cow weighs the [ __ ] same
right so strength the weight on the ball
right Leslie County carry the [ __ ]
cow once a week you do it twice a week
three times a week even though he's
lived in the same way he's overloaded
before you progressively only in other
areas right and eventually that's gonna
lead to them getting stronger again
notice how strength comes as a
by-product all right three time one
attention you can increase Thomason so
you can live to twenty five for 10 reps
right but you could also do to 25 for 10
reps controlling these set tricks and
you will see better gains especially if
you were not doing that before but
notice I was the same reps it was the
same way you just increased different
factors right next you couldn't you
could progressive overload will range of
motion right I see a lot of people are
man like you could go wider on the
[ __ ] match price that would allow you
to push more weight you could argue back
more they'll allow you to push my weight
but that doesn't mean all right that is
a problem e you could increase your
range of motion while keeping the same
weight on the [ __ ] ball and you will
see an increase in protein sentences you
would see an increase in gains as long
as well you know obviously it's optimal
right rest periods you can reduce your
rest Percy these are things that are
[ __ ] know right one two three four
five five means five ways to increase
progressive overload and see great
improvements in size we're not even
increasing the weight on the ball
so I'm sick of hearing this guys I don't
want to see that [ __ ] in my comment
section ever [ __ ] again you can go
muscle on heavy weights you can build
muscle on third if you sign your one
right max you can build muscle cata
statics you get bone muscle on
like dumbbells heavy dumbass strength
has [ __ ] nothing to do with it in
fact Jeff will come has you doing that
now the question I get a lot well how
come strongly people are bigger
no [ __ ] is because they're doing all
these other things like you mention you
think a person because music well you
know if if you bring the squad for 135
to 400 your legs gonna get bigger
no [ __ ] [ __ ] do you think a person
brings this squat from 135 to 405 but
not being consistent but not easy right
but not having enough volume but I
haven't enough frequency or range of
motion I want the the obviously
optimizing all these other factors it's
just as humans we'd love to do
correlation means causation [ __ ]
where we go oh look the squad that
bigger so that means you gotta get
stronger to get bit know anyone who
brings the squadra brings the pen shop
brings their overhead press up and gets
bigger as a result it's not because they
were getting stronger no it's kind of
doing everything else they were doing it
enough volume you're not gonna increase
your bench or your squatter your or your
whatever by doing [ __ ] one set of
month
obviously you can't you want to get a
lot [ __ ] longer right so those people
if you noticing look they're getting
[ __ ] I got big as a result this
because they're doing all these other
things as well
optimal volume optimal frequency optimal
sample at issue I have the more range of
motion okay so that's why
strongly people also bigger the strength
actually came as a result of proper
training proper programming so hopefully
this settles this [ __ ] dumbass dog I
guess so Mac as I like what am i see a
buzz like where's this coming from more
people come up with this [ __ ] and I was
hitting my comments Lucas who knew
doesn't work because it's - I rap and
it's nah you gotta let 5 4 5 you know
it's the fastest I'm just showing you
guys several examples plus a side and
it's well studies girl you just let me
know but there are so many studies on
this topic it will blow your mind
Louise why don't I just put a [ __ ]
study out there forever videos because
you could do that with any topic right
just use your common [ __ ] sense
anyway hold
she let me see oh [ __ ] a lot again
alright guys hope this video helps
hopefully that status that settles this
matter and again I'm not against drug
training like I said 70% of the
exercises that I recommend in my
programs involved a you know heavy
weights so I'm not against strength
training I'm against people preaching
that you have to get stronger first
before you put on sauce which is simply
not true the weight you're doing in the
gym if you were able to do 10 rep max
right that's simply because you already
have that potential right and if you
keep lifting that way eventually your
body will adapt to the two men you know
to the two passwords that explain either
to size or to normal adaptations and
then that would be that way will become
too easy for you which obviously means
that you have to increase the weight
again but notice again notice after
saying it's notice how you did not
change strength you simply trained
properly and then the strength came as a
result and once the strap came that
allows you to increase the weight on the
ball it's like an Fela game right
you beat the boss and then boom you know
you get this ball to get the new soul
the new gun whatever you don't get the
[ __ ] you don't unlock the next level
before the boss strength comes as a
result of a bigger muscle or more
efficient right alright guys hope this
video helps give it a thumbs up
subscribe if you're not subscribed
already
and I'ma see you on the next video
