hey guys what's up Megan here just
finished doing my early morning Hill spr
Soco getting refueled with some protein
and
carbs uh it's actually past noon
so I'm starting my carbs a little early
today I'm really low on fiber so sweet
potatoes um eggs it's only about two
eggs some tomatoes to change up the
consistency cuz I'm tired of eating
plain eggs mushrooms also to change the
consistency a little bit and some pepper
garlic um garlic powder onion powder
good seasoning by the way I hit 200 lb
yesterday uh which is purely accidental
cuz my I already started my cut as you
call it but um the extra weight I gain
is from all the food I was eating before
my cut I'll make a separate video about
that I'm drinking a lot more milk I'm
replacing most of my macros um with milk
and it's it's pumping me up so anyway
right now I'm at 1 98 so I'm going back
down which is what I should be doing but
anyway stay
tuned
