hey guys going on Megan here alright so
this question from the most recent video
I'm gonna skip part of it but pretty
much have a question how to be
productive I have so much talent but I
feel like it's all wasted anyway I could
pause the screen you got [ __ ] read it
right I mean you got supposed to screen
read it but pretty much this is the
question that I get probably 80% of the
time right I mean for as long as I've
been making videos I get this question a
lot and I relate with that question
because again I was one of my biggest
struggles when I was younger you know I
never really had that guidance or that
leadership so I was always [ __ ]
confused and unproductive because I knew
I had talents I know I had skills but I
wasn't focused I didn't know what to do
with them and pretty much everything was
boring right I had no interest and
everything changed when I realized you
know the root cause and again the
solution right because for treating not
for you to find a solution you gotta
find a root cause
so here's four let's look at it right
let's just break it down alright we're
gonna use this tool for almost every
video alright so problem no motivation
no productivity blah blah blah right
really the the root cause behind that is
it's not a you know productive right
it's not that you don't have motivation
because I obviously everybody does right
really what the issue is this whatever
you you doing right now doesn't excite
you
alright it's not exciting it's just as
simple as it's as simple as that it's
not exciting to you which is why you
don't have the motivation to do it you
know for example how people tell me all
the time hey I don't have motivation hey
I'm depressed but then I some oh what do
you say mostly I'm doing I go oh nothing
just playing video games well stop right
there that's motivation if you have you
could play something for six hours a day
you can't tell me you don't have
motivation you have plenty of motivation
it's just it's directed somewhere else
so the problem is not hey I'm not I'm
not motivated alright because if you
weren't you just sit on the bed all day
Parma's now hey I'm not productive use
very productive even a [ __ ] video a
game right so it's not a lack of
motivation it's not a lack of
productivity if you just got a channel
that you gotta like read that
that's what really matters right and the
reason why video games are so good at
getting us addicted is because they give
us really what we want right if you are
men in this century and ining in men and
women I mean obviously but I wish I
relate more with guys so if you have men
in the 21st century you are motivated
about very few things you like progress
right you like making achievements you
like novelty you know new things
adventure you like competition you like
to compete right that's in your genes
you can't help it you know you like
vengeance right that's why you know the
more we keep losing to that [ __ ] boss
we keep going back right
you like recognition right that's what
we like achievement that's why we like
trophies in video games you know and
obviously you like you know excuse me
obviously you like the basic things like
obviously you know sex with many things
like that but really if you think about
it look at the games that you play look
at the movies that you watch look at the
things that actually trigger you they
have some of these elements embedded
into them what the [ __ ] oh excuse me
so yeah they have these elements
embedded into them you know the average
you know just think of your favorite
video game you're progressing you're
making achievements you're competing
against others or against yourself you
know this vengeance evolved when you die
game over you know you like you have to
have that [ __ ] rage oh I'm gonna go
back and beat that boss or whatever you
know Vita games found a way to tap into
those primal you know urges that we have
you know so how do you apply that to
your own life simple turn your life into
a [ __ ] video game right you have to
complete an assignment to matter why is
it that why is it that most of us that
have you know they have a lot of chance
we'll have his skills why is it that we
wait to the last minute to get [ __ ] done
why it's because it's more challenging
at the last minute and obviously now you
have a reason to do it because you have
that pressure and that fear you know the
people that get this [ __ ] done on time
are people who are you know who not too
confident in their own abilities you
know so they just try to get it out the
way you know that you know they you know
they don't they don't perform well under
pressure whereas people who wait to the
last minute believe it or not it's some
of the most gifted [ __ ] on the
planet that's why they wait to the last
minute because that's when it's that's
when it really matters that's when it's
really exciting for them so you're doing
the project now because yes I was trying
to pass the class but also because it's
more fun that way your dopamine goes up
that way
right so the root cause here is not like
a motivational activity right
it's like interest right right lack of
anticipation that there's nothing you
know to anticipate like a pretty much
lack of dopamine right I always talk
about dopamine right you want to boost
that [ __ ] neurotransmitter and how do
you do it simple I've just mentioned
those triggers find a way to make
whatever assignment you working on find
a way to make whatever project you got
going find a way to make it a
competitive so set a challenge for
example if I tell you hey go ahead and
write a paper paper what if I tell you
hey write that paper in less than three
minutes think about it now I don't know
where you still want to write the paper
but now you kind of interesting cuz I
got well let me just how to pull this
guy wrong or maybe just try to beat the
clock right now becomes fun it's the
exact same task but now that you put
like a little you know gaming element to
it it becomes more fun that's just a
simple simple example obviously there's
more things that you could do you know
but you want to find ways to make your
tasks pleasurable and fun alright don't
just say hey how does God do this paper
and another thing too is I'm gonna make
a separate video about this but you
gotta make sure that you have a purpose
yeah I'm sure that you you know you're
not just going to school just to go to
school you haven't figured out just
economy product or just abused to be
productive you got to have a purpose
when you play a game you're not playing
just to play you got a purpose it's on a
beatable as you trying to level up you
trying to you know you have a purpose
all right and he keeps dopamine going
all right so if you wake up in the
morning and you just like you know I'm
just gonna do this because it's on my
list that's not a [ __ ] purpose you
know you gotta have a bigger you know a
bigger vision you know to look forward
to you know that's why I would say find
your throne find your throne find your
soil find that environment and we should
thrive you know and it's very simple you
know there's three things
all right three things three things to
find your soil okay your throne right
one obsession I made a video about this
find out what you obsessed about [ __ ]
your passion I don't care about your
passion find what you obsessed about
right because you know any motivation
right when you obsess with something you
don't say hey I'm not motivated you know
you obsess about it you can't think
about you know you you can't go to bed
without thinking about it so that's one
to find your skills fine with you
you know find what you really [ __ ]
good at right now just hey I'm I'm good
at [ __ ] you know using Excel that's
not enough I find something that you
really have a competitive advantage in
that you could dominate the competition
when it comes to it right and lastly
make sure it's in demand right so if you
can find the correlation if you can find
something that you obsessed about that
you're good at and other people actually
want or need you [ __ ] made it that's
it that's it you find any successful
person or anyone who you know has the
purpose or who's going somewhere in life
those three things apply they don't
something that really love they don't
something they're good at and they don't
something that other people actually
need and one when you combine that
you're not gonna wake up on Dan saying
hey I'm not motivated he's gonna be more
of it why because you obsessed about it
gonna keep making progress anyway
because you good at it and it's gonna be
demand for it because obviously you
picked something you know they said you
man
no I so try to put put all that together
don't to make the video too long but um
your problem is easily fixed you know
it's not that you're not put doctor it's
not that you know how motivation it's
that you don't [ __ ] that doesn't
interest you all right you just gotta
find a way to make what you're doing
interesting because you know you know
obviously there are things that we have
to do whether we like it or not so in
that case just find a way to make those
things interesting by you know making it
like like a game and then the second
thing is obviously find your throne find
you saw right find the area that you
know you establish as your vision the
thing that you want to be the best that
you know and that's gonna keep you
motivated every [ __ ] day or I hope
that helps team to the Alpha I'm out of
here
put your own questions in the comment
section guys even though our response to
messages in the inbox that's the worst
way to get in touch with me use the
comment section alright because I'm true
behind the messages and I'm gonna copy
and paste your question if it has enough
likes and I'm gonna make a video about
it all right guys gotta go
you
