what's going on team 3D just went and
picked out my mail hope you guys had a
fun Thanksgiving anyway let me show you
guys how I dominate my day when I'm off
let me give you some hints of how you
could discipline yourself and dominate
your day when you off okay guys this is
how I dominate my days by the way doing
I hope you had a fun Thanksgiving but I
didn't have a I didn't have a break
doing Thanksgiving it wasn't off week
for me there never an off day for me in
fact the off days for me are the days
where I get to even do the most work
because during the during the school
week like I said I'm in school from 8:00
in the morning to 9:00 at night working
and going to class back and forth so my
off days is now the time for me to relax
it's a time for me to dominate even more
like I said every single day should be
dominated and thank God I had I was off
Saturday Sunday right then Wednesday
Thursday Friday and then Saturday Sunday
again so that was up to 5 days I believe
one to anyway there was a lot of days
for me to uh focus on developing myself
every single off day
I feel is an opportunity not to relax or
rest I sleep when I die it's an
opportunity to optimize myself to better
myself like I said I'm always competing
with the Jonathan of yesterday always um
and luckily enough you know let's God I
I was I was able to to learn a lot of
things during this off days from the
reading and the meditating and the self
the soul searching and I feel like it's
not only it's a new Jonathan but it's a
bastier Jonathan it's a stronger
Jonathan it's a mightier Jonathan and
you guys all know me if you in team 3D
my laws out there every time I get
better I want to share with the world
every time I learn something new every
time I optimize an aspect of my life I
going to go ahead and show the package
to my subscribers and my followers uh I
don't want to wait till I get to the top
of the mountain before revealing my
secrets no I want to reveal my secrets
as I go this way some of you guys become
better than me and it pushes me to get
better I love competition that's why I
don't mind having Rivals I don't mind
you know giving out my secrets but
anyway this is how dominate my day doing
my off day by the way I'm doing this new
routine
for those of you who are new and don't
know about the 7 Days to Live let me
just uh give you a quick briefing on 7
Days to Live I started in January last
year actually this year 2012 when I came
out of this crazy depression um I I
break up my life into 7day Cycles 7 Days
to Live I pretend as if I only have
seven days to live from Sunday which is
day one to Saturday which is day seven
and I do this throughout the whole year
there 52 weeks in the in the year so I
see it as if I have 52 different lives
in a year uh and when the first cycle is
over I begin the whole new cycle of
seven days and then the whole new cycle
seven days so when I set goals even when
I have long-term goals I break them up
into sub goals shortterm goals that fade
within 7 days so if I'm trying to put on
weight I don't say I'm trying to put on
20 lbs no I go how much weight can a man
put on in 7 lbs that's my goal for these
next I mean how much weight can a man
put on in 7 days then that becomes my my
body weight my body goal for the next s
days uh if I'm trying to like increase
my deadlift I think how how how high can
my deadlift go up in 7even days what's
the max you know that you can put on
naturally and that becomes my goal for
the next seven days that's how I break
down my goal is to keep myself motivated
and to never burn out cuz if you keep
thinking of longterm long-term goals
eventually you quit and burn yourself
out when you give yourself 7 days it
gives you a chance to restore yourself
and St fresh and every time a new cycle
begins I pretend as if it's a new
Jonathan it's a new life uh the old
jonath D it's a new Jonathan and then I
switch up my routines I have a new I
have a different daily routine every
7day cycle I have a new I have a new
everything I love it so every Sunday is
like the a rebirth for me and I need
that because it keeps me going lot you
guys wonder how I manage work uh two
jobs I quit kroer so now I only have two
jobs instead of three uh YouTube if you
want to count as a job that's three jobs
now uh a baby um my life and at and at
the same time I managed all of this and
I still have my still have my my
bodybuilding you know working I'm still
you know putting on muscle uh I'm still
motivating people out there I'm still um
replying to messages here and there I'm
still managing my my my personal life
I'm still having fun you know uh believe
it or not you know I'm dominating your
life does not mean living a pathetic
life I'm still having fun in fact I got
Black Ops 2 I'm about to get on that
soon when I get home um it's just a
matter of of of knowing how to structure
your day uh what else I mean I I have
time to have fun to go to the gym eat my
food get my diet and dominate and I do
all of that how because of the 7even day
7even Days to Live thing it keeps me
refreshed every time and I'm never bored
what else do I [ __ ] do man I try to
sit back the other day not to break I
try to sit back and see how much I'm
doing you know that every person doesn't
do just so that I could double it so I
could like I said I'm always fighting
and racing against myself so everything
I'm I'm sting out there to me means
nothing you know uh going to school and
and and and um working three jobs and
and taking care of you know of a dog and
myself and you guys know bodybuilding
lifestyle is no joke and and still
having time to you know um to rest and
cook and play video games and you know
do the stuff that that that makes me
happy how do I fit that into a day it
takes a lot of trial and error and I
finally got the perfect routine I'm
about to share with you guys um but I'm
I'm going to do that in the next video
I'm going to show you guys the layout
the layout for matter fact [ __ ] the next
video I'm going to do it right now in a
long ass video if you don't want to
watch you could you could uh dislike the
video and move on I'm only about serious
people people that are serious about
getting their lives back on track and
dominating their their world like I
always say every single being out there
has a throne with their name on it and
it's covered in spot webs cuz they're
not they're not sitting on it and their
Crown is covered with spider webs and
dust because they're not putting on top
of their heads they home playing video
games all day because they believe that
they're you know they're nobodies and
they have no purpose you have a purpose
you're a [ __ ] king that's your
[ __ ] purpose find your territory rule
over it period period period period I
don't want to hear it all right
uh this is part of what keeps me on
track let me show you
guys this is my 7 Days delay folder
right just a simple folder I got that
the ENT store right uh see from Saturday
from Sunday to Saturday this is for last
week by the way it was from 11:18
November 18 to November 24th right uh
and I just put Sunday Monday Tuesday
Wednesday Thursday Friday Saturday I
have like a map of my week in front of
me and at the end of each day I put the
holl out day what was the most important
thing that happened on that day right
kind of like documenting The Chronicles
of the
king all
right show you guys
this these are the three most important
sheets of paper that I currently have to
help me rule my day the first one is my
weekly planner right from Sunday all the
way to Saturday right and I already have
my schedule this is my busy schedule
guys from 8: to 9:00 I wasn't joking uh
I have school class school class work
work school uh work school Gap in
between and in those gaps see this
allows me to map out my day guys like I
said life is a war right life is a
[ __ ] war and um you a general you
you're the commander-in chief you're the
soldier you everything you are your own
everything a general cannot go nowhere
without his map a general got to have a
map it's Common Sense well today we
don't need [ __ ] maps of like Africa
and [ __ ] you just need a map of your
week this is my map I'm in general this
is my map I get to see what's going to
happen on Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Thursday Friday and I get to plan
according to that I look at my gaps
right this is where I squeeze in my
meals this is where I squeeze in the gym
I get off work at 9:00 and I go straight
to the gym the gym closes at 10:00 so I
go to the gym somewhere down here and I
cook and I go to bed down here same
thing the next day tomorrow's Tuesday
same thing I eat in the gaps do my
homework and go to the gym in those
little gaps and then I also plan my fun
time you know like on Fridays for
example that's when I play shitload of
video games cuz see from Thursday
Thursday and Friday I have a lot of free
time I pick out my daughter around this
section here I'm going to fill it out in
know in a minute cuz like I said every
week I have a new I made a lot of copies
of this pick up my daughter here spend
time with her Saturday and Sunday and um
I also go to the gym on those days but
anyway I have a picture of my my my week
it allows me to plan plan my pleasure
plan my my uh when I pay my bills you
know like I said all my bills are paid
you know lot of you guys see low budget
mon so you think it means it means no
budget or a broke budget nah being broke
simply means you work for every penny
you you know you you will [ __ ] spend
nothing's handed to me um but um yeah so
I I plan all these
things over here make sure all my bills
are paid not liking anything thank God
for that so make sure you have one of
these that's the first thing you need is
a weekly planner from 5:00 in the
morning to like 1:30 in the morning
whatever based on your schedule so
that's the first thing you need I call
this one uh the team 3D map weekly map
the second thing I
use is my daily routine you guys
remember that if you're old subscriber I
just pick a piece of loose s paper by
the way one of my subscribers sent me uh
uh he saw one of my videos when I used
to show my my daily routines and he
actually made a better looking one for
me on Microsoft work I don't have time
he made it on Microsoft Word nice
template sent it to me and I was so
happy unfortunately I sent him an email
uh that that daily routine was outdated
that was from like 20 lives ago you know
like the my 7day cycle from like a long
time ago and like I said every week I
have different daily routines so I want
to I hope you're watching this video if
you still want to help me out just um
you could use the the same template but
with the new stuff that I added to my
daily routine I put this this one from
Friday for example right this is from
last week Friday I don't know if you
guys can see up here I put the date
Friday over here the most important
thing everyone should put is their
Obsession it keeps you focused my
obsession obviously is war you guys know
Warfare battle Conquest conquering all
these things that's my obsession so I
put it right there why cuz it keeps me
focused I don't do anything when I when
I go to my planner and I plug activities
and daily routines and [ __ ] I don't put
anything that's nothing to do with my
obsession the law of focus remember the
quote from Thomas I how he said that
sorry the memory callard died remember
the qu from Thomas Edison how he said
the difference between him and other
people is that other people think about
many things during one day but he only
thinks of one thing and that's what made
him successful guys you have to learn
how to eliminate the [ __ ] and
destruction in your life even if you
want to play video games play games have
to do with your obsession everything you
do has to be narrowed down and tailored
according to your obsession so even the
games that I play have to be about wall
you know what I'm saying that's just my
example everything I do movies that I
watch you know I eliminate anything that
has nothing to do with my you know with
my obsession cuz my obsession is my
passion and it's what's going to get me
for a life so anyway so I write it over
here this way when I write my to-do list
at the bottom here I know everything in
my to-do list has to be CH it around
this on the right side I have like
random Boxes by the way I make one of
these every single day uh biography of
the day this is my of the day section
cuz every day I do seven different
things right biography of the day every
day I read a biography you know uh I
like playing chess because it's it's
kind of like a strategic war game so
every day I watch a famous chess game to
kind of like learn strategy from like
the the pros and the the grand masters
of you know of History every day I watch
a battle I learn about the Battle of
History a decisive battle the Greeks the
Romans whatever a battle that shaped
history and I learned strategy from the
commanders and the leaders and the
mistakes and blah blah blah uh I read
war poems I love reading war poems
they're motivate me they're very
inspiring especially the old ones of
like the Greek days and the Egyptians
and stuff like that uh I watch uh I
study the Bible a lot over here have a
section where I study a passage the one
or two passages about war like I said I
read everything you know I'm not
religious you know I'm not a Christian
I'm not Muslim I'm not any of these
things but I you know I'm I'm a very
very focused person and if inform
mission is somewhere I would seek it I
don't care if it's at the bottom of the
earth I don't care if it's in hell I
would go down to Hell and find
information I'm an information Junie and
the Bible is full of stuff you know to
to u to better your life and things like
that as long as you remove the religious
aspect um anyway so at this section if
you're making this this daily routine
for me on Microsoft Word you're making a
template just remember to include the
biography the the just don't don't name
don't name the the squares just put the
squares cuz every week I want to make
copies of the the page you send me and
every week I'm going to have different
daily things to do so don't write
anything just put the seven boxes um my
obsession just put like box here I'm
going to write wall uh over here I put
the wisdom section that's when I I try
to put seven I TR to learn seven
different wisdom things a day I read I
watch videos biographies whatever and I
try to write down seven different things
that I learned and I put them down here
God it's so [ __ ] hot in this car man
I'm about to
leave over here I put the rewards of the
day I call it Spoils of War uh rewards
of the day this is where I um I put like
before the day begins that's the first
thing I do
I actually write down um the fun things
that I want to do that day the very fun
things that I want to do and the reason
why I write them down here is because I
call them neutralizers watch my video on
the neutralizer what I do is um for
every activity that I have to do but
really don't want to do I neutralize it
meaning if I have to do my homework at
10:00 then at 10:30 I'm doing like
[ __ ] Skyrim or Call of Duty it's a
neutralizer this way you know it's kind
of like you know you you you reward
yourself so the sports award today I'm
going to put like black Black Ops 2 uh
[ __ ] uh Assassin's Creed whatever
whatever I want to do gym you know all
the fun things I want to do uh hang out
with a girl blah blah blah I put it down
here and I make sure they serve as
neutralizers rewards I only do them
after completing an important task like
homework or bill paying something I
don't want to do then on this
side over here I put um oh my memory
card is almost full on this side right
here I put YouTube videos that's what I
know what many videos I got to make for
you guys based on your questions down
here is my to-do list over here is the
seven books that I read every day guys
I'm sorry the memory card keeps dying on
me I read seven books a day not not the
whole books I only read seven pages of
seven different books a day I have a lot
of books and I write it down over here 1
2 3 4 5 6 7even once again you could put
that in the template you know just put
books and seven boxes don't write
anything cuz every week I read different
books depending on how you know which
book I my call keeps dying I keep
deleting videos guys I'm so backed up
and so yeah there's seven books are here
uh seven pages just seven pages of seven
books a day that's all I need and in a
month I finished so many books is
ridiculous so if you watching this and
you want to make the template for me
this is how I want it to be set up
really appreciate it in the back I just
put my report I just write down what
happened on that day you know like the
key things I paid my bills I did this I
met this person I haven't seen in a long
time went to the gym blah blah blah so
yeah that's like the most important
sheet I say cuz I use these every single
day and like I said every morning it
just tells me what to do man you know
every morning I I fill in the blanks uh
all right and the last thing over here
is
um I don't I don't know what to call
this [ __ ] it's what I use to break up
every hour of the day uh I only do this
when I have a lot of things to do right
this you don't have to make a copy for
me if you want to you can all I do is I
make boxes watch my video on how I
explain how uh your whole life is really
one day but you have to break it up into
small sections and you dominate each
little by little divide and conquer I
divide my life into seven days I divide
each seven days into one day and I
divide each one day into hours it's
common sense right so I have golden cars
golden hours for each hour hour of the
day that I'm awake see here from 6 to 7
7 to 8 8 to 9 9 to 10 blah blah blah
blah keeps going down and in each hour I
plug in my task so I look at my to-do
list oh I got to do homework I got to go
to the gym uh and I just look in my you
know my hours from 800 to 9: for example
and I plug in what I got to do now these
shapes I just did that cuz I was bored
it's really they represent time the
circle is 15 minutes the triangle is 5
minutes the square or rectangle is uh 10
minutes and the the Crescent is 30
minutes so let's say from 9 to 10 right
this is 9 to 10 let's say I already
completed these hours from 9: to 10 uh I
plug in [ __ ] if I'm not in class or I'm
off I don't sit home and play video
games or just you know you know waste my
life no I figure H I want to make meals
that's going to cost that's going to
take about 30 minutes so I put it right
here in the 30 minute section and I have
uh 30 minutes left which is breaking up
into you know those little sections here
let's say I want to I don't know reply
to some email it's going to take me 10
minutes I write it in a in a 10 minute
section anyway so I just fill these in
and I make sure each my day at the end
of the day this is a blank sheet bottle
at the end of the day this [ __ ] is
loaded with activities cuz like I said
this 8 hours there's 24 hours in a day
we spend 8 hours sleeping average 8
hours at work or school average what's
the other 8 hours wasted we we spend
that [ __ ] on on phone conversations on
Facebook that's why I deactivated my
Facebook cuz it [ __ ] eats up my time
and we just spend those that time
bullshitting so with that I have those
eight hours of [ __ ] transformed into
eight hours of
productivity and all of this [ __ ] right
here I'm showing you guys this is just
one day now multiply that like I said
about 365 days of the year No
Sleep don't be surprised when you see
Team 3D taking over the [ __ ] world
man that's why I want you guys to be on
this I want you guys to to follow me on
this I want you to optimize your life
you don't have to do it exactly the way
I'm doing it right but at least have
like a structure standardize your day
your your break up your day to hours and
plug [ __ ] into every single hour you
know you have too much potential to be
wasted but anyway I spent 20 minutes
making this video so I hope you I hope
that [ __ ] really helps you guys I hope
you follow my advice cuz I'm tired of
getting messages by people saying oh I
don't have purpose I'm depressed I
understand you but if you did follow my
advice you would have purpose you will
find your purpose even if you don't have
purpose Follow Your Passion follow your
obsession and eventually you'll discover
what your purpose is and if you already
found your purpose then you still need
this [ __ ] to keep yourself on track and
from procrastinating or going backwards
anyway I hope this guy this video helps
um uh the guy that's supposed to be
helping me thanks for the help again cuz
you're doing this for free I really
appreciate that and if anybody else
wants to help too thanks a lot uh if not
just keep doing on loose leaf I don't
mind no excuses team no excuses I got to
get [ __ ] done all right guys going back
to class uh to work actually I was on
break and I went over but dominate right
