hey guys going on Megan here all right
so let's look at this quiz I'm going to
give you guys the correct answer and I'm
going to read the comments to see what
everybody else is saying I'm also going
to debunk I'm going to explain why it's
the correct answer all right a study
showed that semen retention increases
testosterone 400 is that true or false
right does such a study exist
sure enough uh 78 voted false thank God
that means you guys either watch my
videos a lot or you have some common
sense and 22 percent
voted true all right here's the correct
answer obviously this is not true right
this is false right I already made a
video about this a while back debunking
this stupid ass myth right
um cement retention does not increase
400 there is no such study uh it
actually started with Andrew huberman
who either made a mistake I was just
dishonest I'm just gonna say he was
dishonest because he knew that he made a
mistake and he didn't fix it
um he was probably trying to quote the
40 increase study uh that you know it's
a study that I'm interviewed about a
long time ago which it to be honest the
study itself was not definitive it
didn't even guarantee that it was due to
semen retention
but that's for a different topic so he
made a mistake instead of saying 40 it
was actually about 45 in that study uh
he said 400 now I'm assuming he made a
mistake because I'm giving him the
benefit of the doubt right but uh I'm
starting to believe that he didn't make
a mistake because he didn't go back and
rectify it so sure enough what happened
was when he when he released the clip
everyone else started repeating it
regurgitating all the clowns uh
influencers who just regardless of
everything they're here without fact
tracking started spreading the myth
they're like oh look look you know see
maybe transition increases testosterone
400 there is no such study how do I know
because one I have access to every
single
peer-reviewed published study on
testosterone I've read thousands and
thousands of studies on this last one in
the last 10 plus years there's not a
single one
on animals or humans
that shows that semen retention
increases to thousand 400 percent
um and like I said not only made the
mistake he refused to rectify he refused
to apologize and for spreading
misinformation which to me that's a big
no no I don't care how good you are I
don't care how good your content is if
you make a mistake and you you know you
don't have the balls the Integrity to go
back and say hey I [ __ ] up everybody
makes mistakes to me you lose so much
respect in my eyes because it means you
care more about your status and your ego
than truth and as a truth Seeker I love
true I put truth Above All Things
secondly a lot of influencers just
spread their myth right they just regard
to shaded it and you know it's posted
everywhere just go online and type
streaming retention 400 and this videos
upon videos of people just regurgitating
it to show you the time to show you the
area that we live in where no one I
repeat no one fact checks right it's all
confirmation bias people who already
believe in statement retention so that
as an opportunity to you know use
confirmation bias so yes this is false
there's no such study if there was I
would be the first to make a video and
tell you hey look
this is a great study it's been
replicated blah blah blah and here's
what I think about it that's what I do
I'm objective
even if I don't agree with something if
the sign shows that it works and it's
been replicated in multiple studies not
just one I will make a video and I will
say I [ __ ] up here's what this study
shows it was replicated in animals and
humans and here's how you could
incorporate it into your daily routine
this is what I do you know I'm not
afraid to change my mind
so something like cement retention oh
God I could make so many videos on how
this is the biggest myth ever right and
researchers know this research was
already uh debunked we see memory
transferred a long time ago you know uh
in fact there's a study that came out uh
not too long ago showing that they
scanned the entire internet for
misinformation they scan the entire
internet for you know Reddit Instagram
Tick Tock to see the the sections of the
internet that have the most BS the most
lies and guess what was number one it
was the nofap statement retention group
they have the most amount of false
debunked information in any other card
on the internet
are you surprised you got a bunch of
people who don't study in endocrinology
they don't know how testosterone really
works they think they understand
neuroscience and dopamine and you know
serotonin whatever and then they just
read a few abstracts go out there and
then mislead millions of people they
have good intentions right
you definitely want people to stop being
addicted to porn and whatever we all
agree but you're not going to do that by
lying to people but anyway so yeah this
is false there's no such study
um I already made a video about that
months ago but the LIE is still
spreading so there goes this one here
and I'm gonna go in the comments and
explain and um you know see what
everybody else is saying Oh and before I
even go into the comments guys let me
show you let me explain to you guys why
similitation is such [ __ ] right
number one right humans are designed to
bust nuts Right male humans we are
designed to bust nuts so in fact the
healthier you are the most the most nuts
you can [ __ ] bust in a 24-hour period
right healthy males who have healthy
hormone levels healthy testosterone
levels healthy DHEA DHT even healthy
estrogen levels estradiol to be specific
bust nuts like it's nothing right we
replenish our sperm cells so fast as
long as your diet is in check you're
sleeping well you're eating enough
antioxidants whatever we are
professional cheat clappers we are one
of the most sexually active species
on the planet
right most animals have mating season
they gotta wait till mating season they
get a boost in testosterone and then
install whatever humans clap cheeks all
day long all year long as long as
they're healthy right so the idea that
oh no if you if you're ejacula you're
gonna lose your spiritual is [ __ ]
it's been debunked so many times
as long as you eat well right you're
replenishing most of these nutrients
right everyone thinks I'm gonna bust a
nut and then shrivel up I'm gonna lose
my zinc oh God I could show you guys
exactly the percentage of zinc calcium
and all the other nutrients you lose
from ejaculating it's not even that much
especially if you eat healthy you'll be
planishing that so fast
the healthier you are the more sexually
active you are on average
now of course the difference between
beating your meat and having sex with a
girl but again the idea that losing
sperm makes you weaker is BS right
people actually mention the prolactin
um increase because they don't
understand how prolactin Works guys the
reason why you get a prolactin increase
after ejaculation is to make you stop
you get a prolactin increase after
eating if you eat a delicious meal you
eat a high carb meal or whatever you're
gonna get an increase in serotonin and
you're going to get an increase in
prolactin that's your body's mechanism
of bringing you back to homeostasis
bringing you back to Baseline because if
you don't get a prolactin increase from
eating or having sex or whatever you're
gonna just keep on doing it
so everyone goes oh my God prolactic
prolactic I don't understand how
prolactin works
right if your testosterone keeps Rising
because you're in the presence of a girl
you're about to have sex whatever if it
keeps Rising infinitely eventually the
inverted you Curve Kicks in and you're
gonna run into issues so prolactin comes
out to bring your testosterone and your
sex drive back to baseline or
temporarily be below Baseline so that
you stop clapping cheeks else you can be
clapping tricks all day and go back to
other activities and after a few hours
you go right back to being normal and I
could go on and on about the Androgen
receptors and all that it's all your
body's way of just saying stop what you
just did go back about your life is
there's nothing detrimental about it
so that's one humans are designed to
clap cheese especially males
number two the higher your testosterone
levels the higher your DHT the higher
your good estrogen right I should have
everyone thinks estrogen is evil it's
only when it's too high but anyway the
higher those hormones are right the
higher your sex drive will be
meaning
somebody who's constantly clapping
cheeks or constantly busting nuts you
might think it's bad it's actually a
good thing it means he's healthy as [ __ ]
how do we know this because when people
have lower androgens lower healthy
actually levels their sex drive goes
down their masturbation frequency goes
down and they ejaculation frequency goes
down
so if you're constantly hone it you're
constantly busting nuts it's actually a
good sign clap clap clap congrats now of
course if you be in your me to porn all
day that's a deeper issue you got to
address that but that doesn't mean they
seeming retention bad stuff is bad it
just means you got to go out there and
try to bust us in a real person
all right find a mate find a woman right
but every now and then you can't find
one you want to beat you me beat you me
humans will be beating me since the
beginning of time I could go back in
history and show you guys the Romans the
Greeks the Egyptians the Babylonians
they're so busting us as a good thing
because it was the sound of virility he
was a sign of strength and masculinity
but now we live in a society that's
trying to demonize being a man that's
trying to demonize busting nuts
right in fact the third reason why you
should have known that Stephen retention
was [ __ ] is the fact that alpha
males and the guys that have access to
the most sex and the most women
are constantly clapping cheeks yet you
don't see them becoming weaker and
weaker every day you think Genghis Khan
became weak from impregnating damn near
half of the world
I'm exaggerating you know what I mean
Genghis Khan wasn't notorious for
busting nuts right you think you think
you think all of these conquerors of all
you think that they've got weaker and
weaker from having sex hell no it's the
opposite Sex Drive is what drives men
the higher your sex drive the more
successful you are on average
clear correlation and is also a
causation which I can make a video about
right you think all the the celebrities
and the and the the athletes who are
constantly having sex they are [ __ ]
eighty percent of the hot [ __ ] in the
world you think they're getting weak
every time they have sex just use common
sense
but human rejection will spread by in
cells we don't have a lot of sex they
don't have access to people who clap a
lot of cheeks so it's easy for them to
have a twisted view of reality
throughout my life the people that have
the most sex the most girls and I'm
talking about natural not now in trt
natural
dead clap cheeks all the time
before my kid was born everybody the OG
Subs know my story before my kid was
born when I was clapping cheeks
constantly my T levels were the highest
just like the studies confirmed
my tea levels were the highest when I
was having the most sex and busting the
most nuts and like I always said when I
couldn't have sex when the booty calls
to play hard to get they wouldn't come
over I'll just beat my meat I didn't
give a [ __ ] and my tea levels was the
same thing with my friends same thing
with again this is not new guys
so you should have known from the rip
that she may retention making you better
and stronger was BS because the ones who
have the most sex have the highest tea
levels and unhealthy as hell
all right but anyway I'm go I'm I'm just
ranting about this [ __ ] because I just
hate misinformation so much man you know
making men feel bad about being men you
know you guys should study history you
know like some cultures they're praised
busting nuts all right because I hear
people say oh well this is Chinese
proverb or this this little place you
know this little call that said that
busting us is bad whatever okay but look
at the totality of the evidence
right for every culture that I said
every philosopher who said we change
your semen I could show you 90 more who
said release your [ __ ] [ __ ] man in
fact there's a Mesopotamian myth that
believes that the world was created
because that God blessed in us and
created the [ __ ] Rivers
I think it was the Tigris and Euphrates
River I have to double check you know
you guys I'm a nerd about mythology but
so yeah man stop believing in BS you're
a young man in fact telling young man
not to bust us it's actually making it
worse because now they have this high
sex drive they can't release it because
you know they haven't achieved their
level of status and and financial
stability yet to you know to have a girl
so they can't release all of that you
know sex drive
and now they feel even worse when they
do because they're like oh my God I feel
bad because I broke my [ __ ] streak of
nofap get the [ __ ] out of here young man
beat your meat why are you in the
process of leveling up in life why are
you in the process of making money
learning skills building your body right
which is eventually going to give you
access to Mage it's going to give you a
real girl to have sex with while you're
in the process of doing that be your
meat the [ __ ] even guys who get ass jerk
off I'm saying that right now even guys
who get asked we jerk off from time to
time
it's just you guys don't know enough
people who have sex because again you
your world is online
right go out into the real world meet
people who are actually sexually active
they all laughing retention they laugh
at that [ __ ] you know
but anyway so I could make a whole
separate dedicated video where I show
you the studies and the empirical
evidence the anecdotal evidence the
everything you know semen retention is
one of the biggest games ever now if
you're addicted to porn that's a
completely different story right if
you're addicted to pawn then you have
deeper issues right and once again if
somebody's addicted to crack you don't
tell them stop doing crack of course
they know they have to stop doing crack
you find a root cause and you address it
if you're addicted to the porn I can
make videos showing you guys how to be
my porn addiction when I was a teenager
I was so addicted to porn because I had
a high sex drive right but I beat my
opponent addiction not by doing nofap
right that actually makes it worse you
beat your porn addiction by addressing
the root cause upon addiction but let's
look at the comments because I'm ranting
here
all right let's look at the comments at
the end of the day you shouldn't be
watching people perform sexual acts you
should be no [ __ ] no it's always this
idiot that puts the most obvious
comments oh no it's perfectly okay to
watch people have sex or who said that
whoever said that
right oh man you guys just love to straw
man things
instead of admitting that oh [ __ ] you
guys were wrong about human retention
and nofap even though you had good
intentions you were just wrong everyone
looks for a way to either move the goal
post that's exactly what he's doing he's
moving the goal post and he's
charmanding no one is saying oh look uh
it's okay to watch porn all day
obviously somebody's watching porn all
day something's wrong with them
right
but the issue is not
done watching Pawn the issue is the
reason why they're watching porn which I
made several videos about
let's talk about that in a Discord all
the time the issue with young man being
addicted to porn is that number one
they're lonely number two
they're incompetent they're not
competent enough to earn a mate number
three they're home all day to me this is
one of the biggest problems with today's
society is that men are home all day
young men are home all day and that's
the beginning of everything it's the
beginning of the declining mental health
the decline in social skills the the
increase in porn addiction
men have no purpose I mean I could list
so many
reasons why men become addicted to porn
how do I know because I've been there
not only I've been there I've been
coaching people damn near half of my
life
from young kids to adults the issue that
you guys are doing is you're attacking
the branches of the tree instead of the
root of the tree the root cause of the
issue porn addiction that's the last
thing on my mind when I meet somebody
somebody says it's a porn I'm trying to
figure out why they're addicted to porn
and I addressed that when you fix the
root cause the branch
goes back to normal the the sick Branch
restores itself
porn addiction is a branch of a deeper
issue
once you fix the deeper issue the pawn
addition goes away
all right that's again that's like
telling a crackheads stop smoking cracks
stop taking heroin no [ __ ]
it's like telling an alcoholic stop
drinking alcohol of course he knows he
has to stop drinking alcohol but you
have to address the reason why he's
doing it but anyway yeah so uh
so yeah [ __ ] off with the straw man
[ __ ] red herring comment I hate that
[ __ ]
um and by the way oh you [ __ ]
Hypocrites right guys if you in your
house chilling
and then outside you see people just
having sex obviously it's illegal to do
it outside but let's say back in the
days hunter gatherers whatever uh you
and your heart chilling and you hear uh
the chief of whoever of the village
clapping cheeks outside in broad
daylight [ __ ] a bad [ __ ] you gonna
look out your [ __ ] Hut so stop being
a [ __ ] hypocrite you guys you guys
know I hate hypocrites people who try to
Virtual signal all right oh you should
do more people having sex guys
even as humans even outside if you're
driving and you pull over and you see
people clapping cheeks obviously it's
illegal but let's say it wasn't you were
poison you look there's nothing wrong
with looking right I get more ass than
earlier I combined and I still will look
at people clapping cheeks if I if I'm
driving and I see people having sex I'm
like oh [ __ ] good entertainment you know
there's nothing wrong with that you guys
are tripping balls now like I said if
you're addicted to the point it's a
completely different story right there's
a difference between a dick if you're
addicted to anything good it's bad right
if you're addicted to the gym it's bad
if you're addicted to sleeping is bad
right so stop it stop the cap all right
I love sex I love clapping cheeks and if
I'm walking down the street and I see
people clapping cheeks I'm gonna clap my
hands like hey go ahead pound it real
good keep it moving you guys like to
worry about the smallest [ __ ] details
there are so many issues in the world
and you guys are worried about uh people
having sex
or people watching this [ __ ] if you're a
young man your top priority should be
physical stressed
intellectual strength emotional strength
mental strength spiritualization you
should focus on the things that [ __ ]
matter
stop bitching about the little details
I'd rather meet a guy who watches porn
and bases me but at least it's getting
[ __ ] done he's competing he's dominant
in life he's going to the gym he's in
shape he's educated he's reading books
he's studying he has a business oh I'd
rather meet that person
I'd rather meet that person than the
person who's on date 3083 of nofap or
semen retention but he's doing nothing
with his [ __ ] life you guys have your
priorities backwards
all right next I've been doing see me
retention for a while while 400 is Cap I
have experienced some insane benefits
some of that being an increase in future
oh my God oh my God you guys you don't
understand what correlation
fallacy is most people who do semen
retention and think they're getting
benefits or actually quote unquote get
benefits it's not because of semen
retention
they're getting benefits because they're
also doing other things
meaning they're doing nofap or CM
retention and they're also going to the
gym that going outdoors more they're
getting more sunlight they're exercising
more no one just starts a no-fab journey
or similar attention to journey and just
stays home plays video games all day and
the ones who do get zero benefits that's
how you know they seeming retention by
itself does nothing no fat by itself
does nothing
what really matters is that when people
are doing those things they're also
cleaning up the diet going outside more
interacting with people more and then
that increases the testosterone because
that's actually been proven by science
and empirical evidence to increase
testosterone and well-being
but but that's why you guys have it
backwards because you think Coalition
means causation you think oh look I'm on
day 30 or no Fab and look my teeth
levels went up meanwhile you're on day
30 on North I bet you're also on day 30
of eating well going outside more
training sleeping better
and you attribute that to the nofap like
a [ __ ] idiot
how do I know because guys there's so
much research on it it's just that you
guys don't [ __ ] read you just look at
one little abstract one little study
that confirms your pre-existing belief
and you run with it
all right let's go and then he says wait
uh more tips from the opposite sex oh my
God you guys are unbelievable
um you don't have that much to lose yeah
you actually do you know because again
you got to focus on what works you gotta
focus on the truth and evidence right
stop making a BS but whatever guys do
whatever if you if you like semen
retention do it nobody's stopping you to
do it I'm not gonna put a gun to hand
and say fat B in me right now if he
loves human retention do it what I hate
is when people lie don't lie to young
men don't mislead because there are
teenagers out there who are truly
looking to improve their lives and
you're misleading them
tell them that [ __ ] doing this BS is
going to improve their life so much when
it's not it's really not what's going to
improve their lives it's doing the
basics sleeping eating well training
exercising being social getting sunlight
managing stress that's gonna improve
their lives but being on day 30 or no
Fab is not gonna do it it's not gonna do
a damn thing
right you guys know I hate
misinformation so much man because I
love knowledge I love research I love
the truth I love science so I love the
truth when I see lies being spread oh it
[ __ ] irks me all right next uh yes I
can
I also can levitate band spoons in my
mind and see through brick walls name a
few yeah yeah I mean they they swear it
gives you superpowers you know meanwhile
after a while history the the most
sexually active man with the most Alpha
and the most dominant
all right I was still making games
recovering quickly when I was not
retaining every day last year still had
energy I mean yeah I mean what do they
think the rest of us are doing you know
so that energy to work at my warehouse I
did a lot of Sprints
um
my point being is that as long as you're
killing with your lifestyle maintaining
high tea levels they're not retention
for you too much there you go there you
go
comment [ __ ] sense I love this guy
you know I would let one lose to merely
think that's enough let's get back to
that's it guys that's exactly how
entrepreneurs and successful men are
getting things done they get to work if
they have to beat their meat they beat
their meat so they can focus on work if
it is a girl they clap her cheeks we
keep it moving
meanwhile guys your body makes like a
thousand to Fifteen I think it's 1500
but over a thousand sperm cells per
second per second
your body is designed to not just bust
nuts but regenerate that [ __ ] so fast
I have to explain to you guys it's
because of an evolutionary past and you
know sperm competition blah blah blah it
gets really dark and when I explain the
reason why we make so many sperm cells
but
I can make a whole different video
series on that
we regenerate sperms so fast again given
proper sleep proper diet you'll be
amazed in fact a healthy male can bust
like five more nuts a day
just fine
all right
um
from what I remember of a semen
retention study testosterone was pretty
hard on the seventh day yes so that's
the study that I made a video about that
it's the it's the study that started all
the nofap and it's such a trash study by
the way you know it's been number one
that's how you know it's trash number
one
um
it's never been replicated that's one of
the biggest red flags when the study is
more than 10 years old and it's never
been replicated that's one of the
biggest red flags
in fact it was actually retracted
because the authors were doing a bunch
of shady [ __ ] they got caught doing
shady [ __ ] but that's a different video
um so number one like I said it wasn't
retract
so the moment like I said it wasn't
replicated number two it actually wasn't
even proven that it was the cement
retention that caused the spike for
those who don't know it was a long story
short study uh that they seeming
retention for seven days and around the
seventh day to start someone up like 40
which is nothing compared to how much
sex gives you just having sex can double
use testosterone yeah steady showing
over 100 increase 70 on average one guy
got 100 I made a video about that just
from having sex and we've known this for
a long time having sex literally can
double your testosterone obviously it
goes back to uh to Baseline afterwards
um so number one the study has to wait
seven days on the seventh day they got
like a 40 increase which went right back
down obviously
um but here's the thing that everyone
forgets about that study right they did
not control for the fact that
testosterone also goes up when somebody
achieves anything that that's too
meaningful anything that is hard
whenever you achieve something hard or a
challenge testosterone goes up in
anticipation of the reward or the other
increasing status or whatever so what
happened their study was as they
approached the seventh day they were
like we almost did it we did it we did
it and to start throwing up and Studies
have shown over and over again and this
happens this actually happens if you
ever go that takes let's say 10 days to
meet as you get closer to the 10th day
and as you get close to achieving the
goal you will see an increase in
testosterone and that could be any goal
so it wasn't the the cement of retention
that did it it was the fact that they
approached the completion of a goal
that's why if you actually read the
study which most people did not they did
it again and they did not get an
increase in testosterone most people
forget that they think oh look seven
days and then they got a spike on the
seventh day see no fat Works they forget
that if you look at the study they
actually did it again
and the second time they did not get an
increase because at that point there was
no anticipation of any reward they
already did it before there was no need
for testosterone to go up based on you
know oh I achieved something hard
you know and again there's many many
things wrong with that study that's why
I was never replicated scientists try to
replicated they saw that there was no
change in fact there's a study that did
a longer duration they did three weeks
of semen retention and there was Zero
increase in Baseline testosterone but
nobody talks about that right because
confirmation bias right and I could show
you other studies it also showed that
hey look the cement retention does not
work
but anyway and like I said even if it
did work based on that study it was a 40
increase after seven days you know how
many things you could do in one hour
that give you a hundred percent increase
in testosterone that also goes back down
to Baseline lifting weights you know
looking at women talking to attractive
women having sex right even even believe
in not even watching porn increases
testosterone
I could show you the studies
right and all of these things give you a
bigger boost in testosterone in less
than an hour
so even if it did work even if you could
wait seven days and get a 40 increase
that goes right back down
why wait seven days when you could do
you could get that same boost or more in
one day
but anyway
um from what I remember yeah yep and it
never goes back up people might say that
scientifically doesn't do much but
honestly what I've experienced in my 10
months they were the champions great but
again correlation first of all is n
equals one but again correlation is not
being causation I could guarantee you
that during those 10 months you are not
just sitting on your ass all day eating
chips you know you were probably active
in doing other things that boost
testosterone all right next uh not sure
about the exact percent but I know
cement retention is honestly helped me
regain my tea levels my voice has gotten
deeper crazy D Whole Foods uh wait help
my voice has gotten deeper since crazy
Whole Foods in terms of Tomorrow
training and tracking micronutrients see
look look exactly what what I was saying
look at all the other things you've done
that have proven that are scientifically
proven to increase testosterone but yet
you want to attribute it to semen
retention no it was those things that
you did but anyway
400 I'm so I'm super glue in the Hole uh
don't worry guys it was a [ __ ] lie
um and you should see how many
[ __ ] soulless influencers repeated
that lie
oh my God some of these influencers
drive me insane they will do anything
for views anything for views they're
lying right through the teeth
hey Megan uh water simulator
uh Louis to sell some other state
treating because there are too many
idiots talking about [ __ ] they don't
know about milk and dairy products do
not lower testosterone in fact they
increase testosterone and again I'm
gonna make a video about this that's
another myth that oh guys now you see
why I get so frustrated because it's
impossible to give it a misinformation
this should be a law and in fact now
that's going to restrict Free Speech but
I was going to say there should be a law
that says that you should not talk about
a topic unless you at least
have researched it thoroughly and prove
that you know what the [ __ ] you're
talking about you should have you should
prove that you read
thousands or at least hundreds of
research articles you should prove that
you understand biology Endocrinology
Neuroscience statistics before you talk
to an audience of more than a hundred
thousand people
that would that will reduce
misinformation so much but uh to be
honest there's also downsides of passing
the law like that because that could
also make it easy to restrict free
speech and
um you know there's also a lot of
experts with people [ __ ] even though
they have degrees so but yeah I get so
mad when I see idiots talk about things
that you know how many people are
spreading the lie that milk reduces
testosterone because it increases the
estrogen like they have no clue what
they're talking about no clue but I'm on
a mission I'm gonna make a whole video
now don't worry guys I'm
I'm trying to stay focused here
um let's see uh everyone who watches
them no absolutely I don't think so but
it does Spike jazz on the seventh day
you already explained that uh it causes
the spike engine we started again this
is I know exactly what you referring to
the whole antigen receptor thing um
that's from a rat study that I'm also
going to debunk you know in the future
um
I'm not quite sure if I heard this on
this channel but from what I'm to
understand cement retention doesn't
actually do anything for free chess
I believe what happens during this Bible
example I already mentioned that all I
know is me getting States I'm going to
clap cheeks clap cheeks if you're a man
you should make it your goal to improve
so much in life that you having sex at
least three to five times a day
right that should be your goal because
that's that's gonna
force you to improve financially
intellectually mentally physically
remember men built the world because of
what because of sex man they built the
world because men just want to build
[ __ ] man built the world if you study
the history of mankind we built the
goddamn world because of sex
no other reason
you know
and once we once we got sex we just kept
on building it because now you got to
maintain once you first of all you have
to be a High um
a high achieving male in order to
obviously have sex so that forces you to
improve and then once you actually have
access to sex now you have to maintain
that so you have to keep working to
maintain your family maintain your woman
and things like that so the the pursuit
of cheeks
indirectly makes you good at so many
things and then eventually you could
focus on other things whatever but
anyway uh let's see we Men We bust
gallons let's go do never apologize for
being a cheat clapping not busting man
it's a it's the ultimate sign of
virility right next uh as long as you
don't retain anyone
as long as you don't retain anyone else
assuming you you'll achieve object
assassin levels
with the decreasing prolactin so it
feels like yeah it's temporary Lane like
I said you also get an increase in uh I
think you may increase in prolactin but
like I said you also get an increased
simple acting from eating food delicious
food so you're gonna start eating
delicious food see that's what's going
on people don't understand Endocrinology
they understand how the body works it's
just an attempt to bring you back to
homeostasis I made a video about the guy
that has a mutation where he doesn't get
prolactin from from orgasm from sex and
you might think it's a good thing but
he's not satisfied so he keeps busting
nuts non-stop if it wasn't for prolactin
you would keep clapping your girl's
cheeks until she like literally calls
the police on you
is fine you know as long as again
inverted you cut right as long as it's
in the right amount
if it's too high for too long now we
have an issue
all right being around the block long
enough to know what Megan says about it
and I believe he missed some guy using
as an excuse to not showing their habits
of course you're always going to have
guys who are gonna for example this
video people might take it out of
context they're going to be like oh look
you can say it's okay to watch porn all
day it's okay to be addicted to porn
it's a kid who just you know you know be
an addict you always gonna have people
who take things out of context
um but let's see I believe you should
competition yep competition is the
single biggest assassin boost followed
by sex if you look at all the research
and you actually which I haven't you
actually rank the biggest assessment
increases
competition is number one which makes
sense to start something evolved to make
you compete for sex which is why the two
biggest testosterone boosters including
free testosterone is competition and sex
uh let's see next uh I wouldn't say 400
but there's no huge declines like those
addicted
I think people misinterpret better
dopamine levels with t levels yeah let's
see uh let me this video is too long so
let me try to hurry up
um
it doesn't affect us in the long term
but I can have many mental benefits yeah
I mean if the person is addicted right
and
um
if you're addicted to anything obviously
stopping is going to make it better
that's the only thing I agree with nofap
is like yeah obviously if you think of
the pawn
don't know if it's gonna make you better
but it's not the no fear that made you
better is the fact that you started
respecting the inverted U curve you stop
overdoing something that's neutral or
good
you know
um let's see if you're addicted to the
gym and you train five times a [ __ ]
day what's gonna happen to you you're
gonna lose muscle you're gonna become
over trained you're gonna have
inflammation through the roof you're
gonna your cortisol is gonna stop that
doesn't mean that training is bad it
just means you overdid it
are we gonna do no gym are we going to
promote oh no gym no games because this
one person who overdid it you know snap
this [ __ ] up of course not right
so let's see
um oh yeah don't even get me started on
the prostate thing right yeah there's so
many benefits of like just busting nuts
there's a reason why if you hold your
nut for too long your body will even
release it at night
you know
anyway let's see uh there's no way I'm
believing uh thing yeah yeah definitely
let's see uh
it should an increase of 140 from
Baseline which is just 40 right because
a lot of people get confused because
they think 140 from Baseline means a
hundred and forty percent increase no it
means 40 for Baseline I mean sorry it
means a 40 increase it was actually 45.7
percent to be exact
ly guys
um I just want to see if this poor
business Pol but yeah yeah it it pissed
me off
but clearly not you know people pour
into the [ __ ] Discord every day
asking hey you know should I you know
it's no reason why I hate this myth so
much because you should see how many
young men are so confused you know
because they're going to puberty they
have Sky High Androgen levels which
makes them have a high sex drive and
have to release it and you should see
how many of them feel bad you know they
feel bad for busting nuts they feel bad
for literally being viral and and
healthy and having high estrogens and
healthy amounts of astronaut levels
let's see uh
it's true after seven days you get 400
you see look at this look how fast
misinformation spreads
um anyway testosterone never heard of
his Amigo [ __ ]
um
all right let's go fast all right it's
finally over but anyway guys I this
video was way longer than it needed to
be but you can see how much this topic
infuriates me because oh man you should
I'm the one talking to this young man
all the time that are so confused
they're teenagers and they have no idea
what to do you know but actually I'm
gonna make videos explain to you guys
how to beat porn addiction how to
actually beat Pawn addiction you know
and it's not about doing nofap it's
actually
by indirectly
um anyway like I said I'm gonna make a
video about that because I tend to just
ramble and ramble but I hope this video
helps guys and remember
question everything you hear fact check
everything you hear don't just believe
something because of quote unquote
experts today like I said don't even
believe what I say do diligent research
from both sides of an argument before
you draw a conclusion but uh yes you
guys in the Discord vote in the next
video support the channel blah blah blah
about a bug if not read the free
articles all right I'm out all right
guys don't forget to like or share the
video subscribe and hit the bell and buy
my HSB nucleus of a little training
program see ultimate program for maximum
muscle growth it includes full body
workout splits bro splits push-pull home
workouts you name it also comes with a
complete guide for macros nutrition fat
loss monster growth hormones including a
meal plan it's pretty much all my 16
years of experience condensed into one
[ __ ] book you're also gonna get free
copies of any future Edition so visit
team3dalpha.com and you can use the 40
off coupon code nucleus overload or you
could just buy the share full price all
right guys I'm out of here
