what's going on YouTube look we just
arrived in the mail finally man y just
guess what it is I definitely want to
see y my SN right now cuz it looks like
[ __ ] me hza and Matt were chilling
yesterday we doing this um Lord of the
Rings Marathon [ __ ] where every day we
watching one of the movies so yesterday
was uh the day before yesterday was The
Hobbit yesterday was uh D no yeah three
days ago is the hob then we did part one
and part two yesterday and um
now was baby where are you now was part
three tonight come back here come back
here now it's part three tonight but
anyway hold Al along my package finally
came in y y just guess when my my long
time subscribers who really know me who
Shar my life and experiences y'all could
pretty much figure out what protein this
is where's
my damn son see when the boys get
together we just
hold on one second all right I found a
scissor yeah when the boys get together
we just store the place in the sink man
CH all right so did y'all guess what it
is yet come on guess just guess guess
come
on nope not
it nope that was
close ah definitely not that [ __ ]
come on come on come on I can figure it
out baby come here get out that dirty
kitchen
man I love opening boxes
man bam I guessed it carnivore I'm back
back in my um back to my
[Music]
roots and you guys know I like
experimenting with different types of
protein I have to say that this is by
far the best protein I ever took now I
know a lot of people you know hate
Carnival cuz you know they say only
thing about gelatin and blah blah blah
I'm not really worried about it as long
as it's Protein that's all I need like I
said I focus on my my on my U most of my
protein coming from Whole Foods anyway I
take shakes to make sure I'm over the
top and I'm never underneath right
that's why it's called a supplement
right as long as it has nitrogen in it I
don't care what it is I don't care what
type of protein it is as long as it has
nitrogen I'm good to go at the end of
day that's all I really need to build
muscle and carnivore the reason why I I
love carnivore so much is because um I
don't have to worry about uh you guys
know I can't really my body hates
lactose as much as I force it I just get
bloated all and I hate that bloated huge
stomach feeling so I can't really [ __ ]
with whe protein anymore um even though
I'm still going to buy a Body Fortress
every now and then because it's so cheap
and so you know so convenient like right
now when I'm waiting for Carnival to to
to come in the mail I had to have some
kind of protein and so I'm stilling to
buy Body Fortress every now and then um
but I also figured out like 3 days ago
that Body Fortress has gluten and I
didn't even know that right you guys
know I'm I'm highly gluten intolerant
I'm tired of the puffy nipples I'm tired
of the headaches I'm tired of the skin
problems and [ __ ] my body just hates
gluten so carnivore has no gluten uh
hopefully has no
soy let me
see and most of my gains I made when I
had Carnival when I went from 165 to
like9 190 it was with carnivore and
inshore and stuff like that baby hold on
let me read Hold On by the way she's a
strong baby man she got those Megan
jeans uh other
ingredients sugar free fat free lactose
free I don't see gluten- free oh some
has no Glu in this
[ __ ]
uh yep yep yep no gluten thank God yeah
so yeah I'm highly excited man this is
and then the good thing about con 2 that
I love so much is that it doesn't have
um because it's it's the fruit punch
flavor and it doesn't have milk and all
that [ __ ] it digests so fast like when I
drink it it feels like I'm drinking
fruit punch like literally it's like I'm
drinking juice so like other pory shakes
now only they're too thick so I have to
put a lot of water which [ __ ] up the
taste but when I drink the other protein
shakes that have a lot of weight or
whatever I always have that full filling
and I hate that cuz you guys know like
said I have a really really bad appetite
so this do just really fast it feels
like just drinking juice and um I I was
drinking like three four days a day I
can't do that with white protein you
know I'm too bloated so this is good for
me right this is a good preference for
me so I'm glad to be back on Carnival so
keeping you guys updated um the price is
a little up there but hey you know you
got to do what you got put on that
muscle all right all right guys team 3D
Alpha I'm out of here
