hey guys going on Megan here if you
clicked on this video chances are you
saw my video about the powerful effects
of boron on testosterone and a bunch of
other markers such as estradiol which is
the principal estrogen DHT the free
testosterone or E2 ratio and overall
inflammation which is the leading cause
of low testosterone and as you can see
Boron crushes inflammatory markers you
also probably aware that over 95 percent
of people are not getting enough boron
in a diet which further adds to the list
of all of the different things the
average person is deficient in all of
these deficiencies are the number one
reason why testosterone levels are so
low and continue to decline from
generation to generation if you want
more detail on that watch the video
where I debunked the myth that age
lowers testosterone there are so many
studies that prove that that is complete
BS it is a marketing trick by the TLT
industry to make you give up feel
powerless and rely on them for your for
your masculinity they want you to rent
your masculinity from them so that they
can control you big Pharma are we
surprised but anyway watch the video
where I talk about the Asian
testosterone myth but back to Boron as
you can see being this deficient is such
a crucial mineral it's definitely not
helping your T levels and not just your
testosterone levels but all of the other
markers that a male needs to be optimal
strong powerful and in just overall
shape again I go into the details and I
borrow my video so definitely watch that
in that video I also mentioned the
dangers of focusing on supplements for
most of your vitamins and mineral needs
and I gave the five reasons why you
should get the majority of your
micronutrients from Whole Foods instead
of supplements and I explained time and
time again it's not that I'm against
supplements I'm against supplement abuse
I'm against people skipping the basics
and trying to use supplements to
overcompensate when the smart way to go
about it is to get most of your
nutrients from the basics from Whole
Foods and then use supplements as a
backup plan an emergency plan depending
on the person's limitations and I
explained the five reasons why
supplements were dangerous in fact
supplements are actually one of the
number one reasons why people are low in
nutrients I said focus on Whole Foods
and then use supplements to fill in the
gaps I myself use supplements when I
travel if I travel and I can't get
access to the perfect meal plan my
typical day of eating I will bring
supplements along same thing with some
of my clients who are either Muslim or
who are vegans or whatever I tell them
to use supplements to fill in the gaps
that they cannot meet from their whole
food diet that is how you use
supplements backup plan not plan a the
only exceptions are stuff like again
vitamin D3 if you live above the equator
I already made a bunch of videos about
that or things like citrulline which You
Can't Get Enough from watermelon you
have to eat so much freaking watermelon
and I mentioned that several times and
obviously things like creatine you have
to eat so much red meat to get enough 18
that is freaking ridiculous but anyway
let's look at the top five most Boron
dense foods starting with number five
number five avocados avocados every
about two milligrams of boron for every
100 gram of avocado now again that
doesn't mean you have to eat a hundred
grams of avocados no you gotta have a
balanced diet split it up get your bull
run from different food sources right
and keep in mind the minimum effective
dose of broken is three milligrams right
so you need at least three milligrams of
boron to start seeing all the health
benefits that are seen in the literature
three milligrams the bare minimum six
milligrams is around optimal just to be
safe and obviously some studies use 10
milligrams you know which is on the high
end the upper limit is a bit higher than
that but again around three to six
milligrams of broil in a day and you
fine it's just going to take you a bit
longer to max out your your blood Boron
levels but you still fine and you're
still going to reap a lot of the
benefits and look you only need five
ounces of avocados to get three
milligrams one avocado if you check out
the seed and [ __ ] is about close to five
ounces about four to five ounces right
and boom you already have a hundred
percent of the minimum effective dose of
boron if you eat two avocados boom you
got six milligrams which is enough to
get crazy affectionate testosterone
levels I could show you guys all the
studies but I had guys [ __ ] in the
morning oh my goodness it's gonna be so
hard to get my to get my boat around
some foods except you guys are brilliant
Washed by the supplement industry you
are so quick to give up and have a
victim mentality instead of sitting down
and saying okay let me put let me come
up with a game plan of how I could reach
my goal and if you see that the plan is
not sustainable yeah then you can move
on to plan B but you guys are so quick
to give up you didn't do the math
it's gonna be so hard it's gonna be so
hard to get my bull run some foods look
at this right one [ __ ] avocado and
you already have about three milligrams
two avocados and that's not including
the other foods that you're going to be
eating for the rest of the day right two
avocados boom six milligrams a hundred
percent of the amount that you need to
see significant results remember three
milligrams is just to see to start
seeing some of the benefits six
milligrams and you're good to go you can
use 10 if you want but that's not needed
not submission avocados also have other
benefits remember I told you guys you
want to focus on foods that overlap
foods that have a lot of other nutrients
this way you're not just getting one
thing right two birds one stone in the
case of avocado you're getting
monounsaturated fats which are crucial
for testosterone production right not
just saturated fats monounsaturated fats
right they help you absorb your vitamins
that lower inflammation on and so forth
you're getting 22 percent of the LDA for
folate you're getting some b5s you're
getting some B6 by the way this is
chronometer right every man should have
a chronometer account is Free by the way
right this is how you keep track of your
nutrients I use that with my clients
year after year right you're getting
some vitamin K right okay you want to be
specific some vitamin E which most
people are not getting enough right and
you're getting your goddamn Boron number
four apricots two milligrams 2.1 for
every 100 grams right so with about five
ounces you're already getting three
milligrams of boron all right now again
I'm not saying it should be eating five
ounces of apple because I'm just showing
you guys how nutrient dense some of
these foods are you eat just a little
bit of each put it up in a bowl and
you're getting way more than the amount
of broiling you need in one day and sure
enough apricots also have other benefits
you're getting vitamin E which again
most people are not getting enough of
and keep in mind vitamin E is also
important for testosterone production I
can show you guys the whole pathway of
steroidogenesis how every single vitamin
and mineral plays a key role and vitamin
E is especially important at lowering
oxidative stress reducing inflammation
because it's also an antioxidant but
it's also needed for a lot of the
enzymes in your testicles your lady
cells to produce testosterone right
you're getting plenty of potassium which
again over 97 in some studies 99 of
people are not getting enough potassium
and potassium is crucial for luteinizing
hormone release which is the beginning
after GnRH of course of testosterone
production so with this you're getting
your Boron you're getting vitamin E
you're getting a ton of potassium over a
third of the daily recommendation the
RDA which is the minimum by the way
you're getting some copper to offset the
high zinc because you should be eating a
high zinc diet anyway but you got to
have a good into copper balance and
you're getting iron which is important
if an athlete or you lift weights a lot
you sweat a lot you're very active see I
don't just preach Whole Foods out of my
ass I know what the [ __ ] I'm talking
about guys Whole Foods are goated they
will fix so many of your problems I see
it a year after year after year when
people change their diets they feel so
much better they testosterone levels go
through the roof I look at my clients
blood work all the time you'll be amazed
at how different you feel when you
change your diet for just 30 days number
three on the list of foods highest in
boron hazelnuts a hundred grams of
hazelnuts will give you almost three
milligrams of boron right 2.8 to be
exact so if you're trying to get the
minimum effective dose of boron which is
once again three milligrams you could
get that in just four ounces of
hazelnuts once again don't strawberry me
I'm not saying you have to go out there
and eat four ounces of hazelnuts every
day no split it up a little bit of
hazelnuts a little bit of apricots a
little bit avocados right it adds up
very fast I'm just showing you guys this
number so you could do the math and and
sure enough hazelnuts have an amazing
goated nutrient Pro far you're getting
plenty of copper which is definitely
going to help you have that optimizing
to Copper ratio and once again copper is
an antioxidant so it is crucial for
testosterone production it also plays a
role in luteinizer hormone and things
like that but I spare you guys the nerdy
details as iron which is extremely
important if you're an athlete or lift
weights very frequently in which case
you don't have to worry about iron
overload it has plenty of magnesium
which again most people are not getting
enough from their diets it has 680
milligrams of potassium in just 100
grams which is almost double the amount
of potassium in a banana everyone thinks
banana potassium banana potassium nuts
[ __ ] nuts most nuts are so high in
potassium it blows my mind people the
system of my bananas right 100 grams of
banana only gives you about 350
milligrams of potassium meanwhile 100
gram of hazelnuts not only give you a
crazy amount of boron but it gives you
680 milligrams of potassium right you're
getting some zinc you're getting a ton
of vitamin E look your entire daily
recommendation or d8 which is the
minimum right you actually need more
than that but just to be safe the
minimum boom already maxed out from
hazelnuts you're getting B1 you're
getting B6 you're getting a huge amount
of mufas mono saturated fast which once
again are crucial for testosterone
production now the one downside is
you're getting a high amount of omega-6
but like I always say as long as you're
eating enough Omega-3s from fatty fish
you will be fine right you can just look
at one negative thing and cancel out 30
positive that's not how it works every
food has something negative about it and
I don't want to hear nothing about oh
nuts increase ssbg I made a Reddit post
where I destroyed that statement but I'm
gonna make a separate video about that
you know people worried about uh ssbg
and and the phytic acid and nuts again I
already explained that I'm gonna make a
video about that but anyway that's not
how you analyze Foods you don't just
pick one or two negative factors and
throw the whole thing out you look at
the pros and the cons but let's stay
focused next number two on the list
foods highest in boron oven right one of
the most golden nuts on the planet no
pause right 2.8 milligrams of boron in
100 grams right so you need about four
ounces to get your minimum effective
dose of boron and once you again you
don't have to eat four ounces of almonds
you could just eat maybe two ounces
maybe one ounce and then get the rest of
your bowline from other foods and show
enough almonds are legendary when it
comes to micronutrient profile plenty of
rival flavor in B2 a ton of vitamin E so
you're going to be androgenic as [ __ ]
plenty of monounsaturated fats high
amount of poofa but again omega-6 are
not evil omega-6 have a role in the body
you just don't have a [ __ ] you just
don't want to have a [ __ ] omega-3 to
omega-6 ratio you're getting enough
copper to offset the high zinc which is
obviously needed you're getting 64 of
magnesium 64 over a half of your daily
recommendation of magnesium in just 100
grams of almonds you're getting
manganese you're getting some zinc all
right so you guys are complain about oh
but it hurts Friday guys yeah it also
has a bunch of other benefits and you
and you won't have to worry about the
phytic acid content if your overall diet
is extremely high nutrients anyway
there's actually a benefit of phytic
acid I'm gonna make a video about phytic
acid because a lot there's a lot of
misinformation on it yes it reduces
nutrient absorption but it also has
antioxidant problem but again I'm trying
to stay focused on this video you guys
not got ADHD don't don't let me get
sidetracked and the number one drum
[ __ ] roll the number one most Boron
dense food on the planet practical food
that is raisins dried raisins 4.5
milligrams of boron and just 100 grams
of raisins right so you only need two
ounces of raisins to get your minimum
effective dose of boron four ounces to
get the optimal dose and once again no
you don't have to just eat four ounces
or two ounces of raisins you could eat a
little bit here and there I have
something to call it antioxidant Bowl
where I just mix random foods that are
very high in antioxidants very high in
boron very high in other nutrients and
boom it adds up very fast guys not to
mention that all these Foods I've sold
you guys have extremely high orax right
antioxidants scores so you're getting
Boron you're getting the vitamins you're
getting some of the minerals and you're
getting a ton of antioxidants remember
every person needs at least at least 18
to 20 000 oracs a day from Foods most
people are getting like 3 000 maybe 5
000 and you wonder why you're full of
them inflammation a testosterone levels
won't go up right these foods not only
have Boron and all these other things
but they also have a ton of antioxidants
high orac scores and looking at
chronometer you're getting some Copper
from your raisins you're getting some
iron you're getting more potassium look
at that guys you get more potassium from
100 grams of dry raisins than you get
from a banana but everybody wants their
bananas right meanwhile you're getting
double the potassium and you're getting
Boron and antioxidants meanwhile bananas
are trash in antioxidants score right or
rack score or AC and have half of the
potassium in raisins and almost not to
mention that bananas are so low in boron
see it's all about making small food
choices all right so moving forward I
don't want to hear you guys [ __ ] and
moan about not being able to get your
bull run from Whole Foods I just
destroyed that in just one video
prioritize your body prioritize your
health and stop letting shitty
supplement companies scam you some of
them are good don't get me wrong some of
them are good but they're very few and
far between in fact whenever I order
supplement I always ask them for COA
right certificate of analysis right I
want to know exactly what's in that
supplement if it's being tested by a
third party and everything if you buy
from a supplement company and they don't
give you COA run for your life alright
guys hope the video Hub boosts the
algorithm boost that goddamn algorithm
you guys know I'm Shadow bang because I
talk about too many controversial topics
and I say what I don't want you guys to
hear so busiago helped the video get as
many likes as possible you guys did last
time don't forget to subscribe and hit
the Bell because you still might not get
notified when I upload yeah they got
really mad when I made those race videos
Man uh yeah so yeah so the algo shot
abandon [ __ ] out of me my own
subscribers are messaging me constantly
saying that they're not seeing the
videos I'm putting out so anyway we'll
see how to go join the Discord join the
Reddit if you have any video suggestions
post them in the Discord in fact I made
this video because I went to the Discord
and I looked at the most popular
um most frequently asked questions all
right so join the Discord you're on the
Reddit make friends find people that are
going to help you conquer 2023 all right
I'm out here alright guys don't forget
to like or share the video subscribe and
hit the bell and buy my HSB nucleus of a
little training program it's the
ultimate program for maximum muscle
growth it includes full body workout
splits bro splits Push Pull home
workouts you name it also comes with a
complete guide for macros nutrition fat
loss muscle growth hormones including a
meal plan it's pretty much all my 16
years of experience condensed into one
[ __ ] book you're also going to get
free copies of any future Edition so
visit team3dalpha.com and you can use
the 40 off coupon code nucleus of the
Lord or you could just buy the share
full price all right guys I'm out of
here
