hey guys going on making here this is
another follow-up video to the one I
made about the high volume study a few
months ago I made a video about a study
on 45 sets per muscle per week right and
in a study obviously showed that the
group that did 45 sets per week of
course it's not per day put on more
gains then the ones who did I believe 27
something like there anyway the leaders
in a discussion and another thing just
go check it out but a lot of you guys
requested more those videos on you know
the high volume studies there's a ton of
them if you want to make a vid on every
single one but this one is interesting
because it just came out it was recent I
think it Monica a few weeks ago December
2019 and it was about regard to and his
colleagues right so they'd picked 27
trainman it was obviously eight weeks
which was the standard duration of most
of these studies and they were turning
twice a week and the goal was obviously
figure out okay what's the limit right
you had a group doing 16 sets per muscle
per week a group doing 24 sets per week
and another one doing 32 sets per week
and they're resting about 1 minute
between between sets and the goal was to
figure out obviously who's gonna put on
a massage and if you guys have been
following my channel for a long time
you know I'm a big proponent of high
volume I mean you know the nucleus
Overlord is pretty much built on high
weekly volume spread out throughout the
week and whether you're doing it every
day every other day whatever and the
finding is pretty interesting you know
obviously it's not the only study that I
reported this but it's worth they're
gonna look at so again this was the make
sure you catch up on his video this was
the one and I made a few months ago
about the radiata study where you can
clearly see the the group that did 45
sets per week as I believe it was on
triceps
put on way more against and the other
one now let's look at the the workout
program for this current one so again 27
trained men eight weeks twice a week and
it was a standard protocol you know
push-pull legs was obviously included
within the push on the pool so obviously
you're doing quads on the post a
hamstring on the pulled a basic
exercises right benchpress flies tricep
extension and squat leg extensions
and obviously also included assets so it
was four sets per exercise for the 16
set group six sets per exercise for the
24 set so we group and obviously eight
set so four six eight and let's look at
the results right which is pretty
[ __ ] impressive yeah I'm gonna try to
keep this video short so I'm going real
fast
and look at it right so buy some triceps
and quads look at the change in muscle
thickness and again this is not
including the swelling because you know
they gave about two to three days before
they did the measurements so that you
know no one uses that [ __ ] excuse of
all they were just you know it was just
an inflammation blah blah so the 32 set
group blew everyone out of the water I
mean look at it and keep in mind this is
nine nine trainman per group rice it was
27 men so it also each group at night so
you saw I don't want to hear nothing
about outliers all that [ __ ] and
look you know the quiet gains were
phenomenal tricep gains and you know and
the bicep gains and which is in line
with the majority of course I noticed so
you was gonna find a study that's gonna
show you the opposite but I saw like
looking at the majority or I want to see
what the majority studies are showing
come you know and also rather to the bro
science which obviously agrees with you
know how about you know how volume was
the key you know when when sighs pure
sizes ago now again if your goal is just
primarily strife I've made a ton of
videos on that you could build a lot of
strength doing three sets success you
know per week believe it or not you know
training which are either you know in a
3 to 5 right branch but when it comes to
hypertrophy especially when you train
when you advanced you got a crank up
that value you know I'm gonna you know
swear about ounce and I died
and yeah so getting quick conclusion
volume volume volume you know and this
has been shown over and over again not
just in the case studies not just in the
pro science but also you know in the
literature now of course that doesn't
mean that intensity doesn't matter right
watch my videos on the topic but what
the literature shows consistently is
that once you lifting enough so that
means at least 60 percent of your one
rep max you know that's like about you
know at least anywhere
from 10 to 15 reps or whatever once you
lifting enough volume becomes a primary
requirement right and if you look at
blood flow restriction these guys are
putting on muscle lifting even below
that amount so volume is the key
especially when you advanced you know a
lot of time a lot of reason why strength
strength athletes or stress Chinese are
complaining that they're not putting on
as much gains because their training
with the same volume they were training
when I started lifting this blows my
mind you know most people are doing the
exact same workout ever doing when they
first started lifting and I wondering
why they're not saying same games so yes
so volume guys found your upper limit
obviously everyone is different right
you know always you know scale up slowly
until you find your limit and manage
recovery like I always say in the
comments section manage your recovery so
your macros micros sleep stress
management all of that stuff right your
volume will it depends on your ability
to recover from it right so if your
recovery is try stroke recovery
management is tries then obviously you
know how about it's not gonna work for
you you know but if you're sleeping well
are you eating enough you're getting
your vitamins and minerals your sunlight
all that [ __ ] alright you should be
fine you know slowly increasing volume
on so you find your upper limit alright
hope this video helps don't forget to
like the video subscribe hit the bell so
you get some notifications and email me
for coaching I'm out here
