hey guys what's going on Megan here here
are the 50 mental signs of high
testosterone and this is based on over
20 years of experience and thousands and
thousands of hours spent studying the
scientific literature I made a video
about the physical signs so check that
one out this one is about the mental
signs that you have high
testosterone before I make this video a
few disclaimers because this is going to
be a controversial video as always
number one guys know the difference
between between testosterone and net
Androgen status they're are not the same
thing right when I say testosterone I'm
referring to net Androgen status that is
your free testosterone your DHT your
free DHT as well as your anti- androgens
so like
prolactin uh astad cortisol things like
that right so somebody can have high
testosterone levels in the blood but
have low net Inogen status okay so don't
confuse cuz I know I'm going to see
people say well my justason was a th000
but I didn't have this
marker gasone levels in the blood don't
mean anything without the context of
that Androgen status second disclaimer
is testosterone fluctuates it goes up
and down throughout the day throughout
the week no one has unless you're on trt
or steroids no one has constantly
elevated testosterone levels you could
be high testosterone in the morning low
testosterone 3 hours later number three
obviously genetics and environment play
a role remember remember guys the
Androgen receptor is a transcription
Factor so testosterone activates the
Androgen receptor which then goes on to
activate genes so at the end of the day
genetics are always going to play a role
in your response to testosterone and in
your masculine genes disclaimer number
four a lot of these traits are based on
average right the studies look at the
averages they don't look at you know
they don't apply to every single person
on the planet there's always exceptions
to the rule but once again the
exceptions actually prove the rule they
don't disprove it so as always I don't
want to hear somebody in the comments
going oh my uncle this doesn't apply to
my uncle this doesn't apply to my
grandpa like I always say your uncle
your grandpa this is about the general
population not outliers and last but not
least this is not glorifying any of
these mental traits and behaviors I'm
not glorifying anything I'm just showing
you guys the science and what the
literature shows as well as my
experience
all right let's get started ADHD having
ADHD that's actually a poor sign of high
testosterone you know the context
matters here uh the literature is very
mixed on this right some people will
hide testosterone tend to develop
symptoms of ADHD um because testosterone
has a side effect of making man
impulsive uh but testosterone also
increases focus and attention so the
research is very mixed on this so having
ADHD is a post on a high te next
aggression that is a sign of high
testosterone now keep in mind is very
very new on right testosterone does not
directly increase aggression I mean many
videos about that it increases
motivation for status therefore in
societies where aggression is rewarded
with status High testat men are going to
be on average more aggressive right
there is a ton of science on this on
monkeys on baboons and obviously on
humans as well so being aggressive is a
sign of high testosterone depending on
the context but what it's really showing
is motivation for status next having
very very very high uh ambition right
having ambitious goals that is a sign of
extremely high testosterone right all
else equal as testosterone signaling
goes up back to what I said earlier the
desire for status goes through the roof
therefore men tend to set very very very
ambitious goals sometimes even outside
of their reach and outside of their
potential as a result of massive ly
elevated testosterone levels next we
have anger well a lot of people think
that's going to go up actually that's a
poor sign of high testosterone all right
a woman can be angry a guy with low
testosterone can be angry right anger
does is not a great sign of hot
testosterone in fact in many cases the
opposite is true men with high
testosterone tend to be calm again it
depends on context next autism uh
obviously there's the link between
testosterone and autism keep in mind
autism ism is on the
Spectrum but overall it's a poor sign of
high testosterone the link is there the
association is there there's even some
causitive mechanisms but you can't look
at an autistic person and assume they
have high net Androgen uh
signaling next being calm in the face of
pressure that is a sign of extremely
high testosterone
levels one of the reasons obviously is
because testosterone lowers anxiety
testosterone Mak makes you very very
very resistant to stress and you also
have the fact that it's a b directional
relationship when you stress outy your T
levels go down anyway so somebody who's
very calm under pressure usually a very
very good indication that they have high
ttis on and that includes like I said
that Androgen receptor signaling High
DHD things like that next you have being
extremely competitive again that's
another one
extremely high testosterone right and
again everyone assumes that having high
testosterone means you don't look like
Ry com no a person can look skinny
skinny fat can look perfectly normal and
have very high uh testone because of
what I explained earlier net Androgen
receptor signaling net Androgen status
right you could have 300 NR per de
testosterone in your blood but have very
sensitive enogen receptors or a lot of
enogen receptors in your brain or in
your Milla and things like that so don't
assume because the person looks like Tom
Brady that did not Hy so in fact You
could argue that Tom Brady is one of the
highest Testo man that ever lived this
guy's extremely competitive but if you
were to look at him he doesn't look like
he has it right so that's why everybody
gets it wrong they think hi tasor means
Ronnie Coleman no next you have
confidence being extremely confident
again that is the sign of extremely high
testosterone because of what I explained
earlier testosterone lows anxiety
testosterone lows fear um justest one
increases mood and well-being uh makes
you pretty much it makes your exal
stress so so having high confidence is a
great great sign of having uh extremely
high testosterone next being cooperated
right so the desire to cooperate with
others and form bonds believe it or not
this one is very I'm going to put this
in the middle right because it heavily
depends on context remember the goal of
testosterone is to help men increase
their status Chas status so that they
can have access to mates right sexual
reproduction it's a sex hormone after
all so in situations where cooperating
increases status men with high to status
will be more Cooperative but it's
situations where it would decrease the
status then it become less Cooperative
right so I'm going to put that in the
middle it highly depends next we have
creativity no that is a poor sign of
high testone just because you're very
creative doesn't mean you have high te
you could be very creative and be and be
castrated next being disagreeable so
somebody who likes to debate somebody
who likes to argue somebody who's again
again very disagreeable that is actually
a sign of high testosterone believe it
or not right uh testosterone lowers
agreeableness and makes people very
confrontational and the reasons I
explained earlier lowers anxiety uh one
of them is actually coming up where
Tason has an effect on um on trust it
makes you less trusting of others and
through multiple mechanisms it makes you
more
confrontational next intelligence that
is actually a sign of high testosterone
now it's funny because testosterone like
all things follows an inverted U curve
where if you have very low te that hurts
your intelligence but if you also have
very very high tea that is also
negatively associated with intelligence
so it's this weird uh you know inverted
U shape which if you watch my videos
it's everywhere right everything follows
an inverted U curve uh so yeah that's a
PO sign of high testosterone but
obviously if you testost on tanks that's
going to affect your IQ uh next having
in Ain energy very high energy levels uh
lot of endurance lot of stamina believe
it or not that is a sign of high
testosterone not extremely high but it's
a s a high testosterone mainly because
testosterone increases red blood cells
you know makes your heart bigger your
lungs bigger things like that right
increases blood flow nitric oxide so
testosterone so having high energy
levels is definitely your s a high
testosterone next having a preference
for things as opposed to people right
right preferring objects things systems
over working with people that is the
sign of high testosterone which is one
of the reasons why men in throughout the
entire world tend to gravitate towards
engineering stem Fields construction uh
even at a young age before
Society has an impact on our choices men
Boys on average gravitate towards uh
items whereas girls or people with low
testosterone on average gravitate
towards uh people and this is well
documented now again this is on average
I have to say this a billion times
there's always outliers right there's
male psychologists and his female
Engineers next being evil being evil now
this one is tricky but again it's in the
middle right having more test on does
not make you more evil and does not make
you more good uh like I always say
depends on status if a person with
extremely high testosterone is in a
situation or an environment where being
evil leads to more status uh more often
than not the person will tend to do evil
[ __ ] it sounds messed up but that's the
literature that's the science that's the
biology the reverse is also true if a
person is in a situation where they have
high testosterone and they're in a
society where being good uh leads to
status then the person becomes more good
so testosterone doesn't make you good or
evil it it really depends on context and
what gives you status next being
extroverted right getting your keep in
mind guys extroversion does not mean
being social whatever it just means
getting your energy from the outside
world whether it could be from people it
could be from the environment um people
that get their energy from the outside
world it just happens that that tend to
be more social this one believe it or
not is actually a s of high testosterone
a lot of literature on this on humans
and other animals um high testosterone
makes you more extroverted whereas low
testosterone makes you more introverted
and I know the introverted [ __ ]
are going to be in the
comments shut up right you guys are the
worst love to cope on average and you
could look this up there's been many
many experiments justest makes people
more extroverted and the reverse is also
true in experiments where you manipulate
people's testosterone where you lower
their T levels both humans and animals
that become more
introverted don't shoot the messenger
again that does not mean that you can't
be introverted and have high te and it
does not mean that every extroverted
person has highi all right that's not
how it works next focus and ATT ition
being focused being alert being able to
just hyperfocus on something uh that's
not a great sign of high te I'm going to
put that in the middle because again it
highly depends right in some cases the
stone makes you impulsive in others it
allows you to hyperfocus so it's like
the ADHD thing right it's you know it
heavily depends on context but if your
testosterone drops plummets you become
hypogen you are going to have a hard
time
focusing next being gay being gay as
hell being homosexual that's actually a
poor sign of how t on high right people
think it's going to mean it's going to
go down here no all right uh homosexuals
do not have lower testosterone levels or
lower net Androgen receptor signaling on
average than uh then straight man that's
a huge myth uh you could be gay as hell
and have super high testosterone levels
and you could be straight as an arrow
and have super low tea so that's a poor
sign of high tea next we have being
extremely gold driven very gold driven
very
conscientious um that one is a sign of
high testosterone again people with high
testosterone have ambitious goals uh
they have very very good discipline good
work ethic um and again they crave
status so by Nature they become gold
driven and more conscientious next
having a big appetite believe it or not
that's actually sonal high testosterone
it's not a great great sign because
again you could have low tea and still
eat a lot in fact a lot of obese people
have low tea but to St one increase
appetite both in humans and in animals
which makes sense because when you go
through puberty your body needs to put
on more muscle whether you're human or
lion or a gorilla doesn't matter and
that comes with uh a higher uh energy
expenditure so and the experiments have
been done again if you inject
testosterone people tend to eat more if
you lower testosterone people tend to
eat less again on average there's always
exceptions next mood right being feeling
good low signs of depression you know
enjoying life life feeling a well-being
that is the S of high testosterone in
men and the opposite is also true uh low
testosterone is hugely associated with
depression and it's it's not just
correlation it's causation right tone
plays a role on garbage signaling plays
a goal on obviously dopamine serotonin
um DHD and is metabolized as well uh so
yeah this one is well researched all SQL
higher testone uh tends to lead to
better mood lower depression symptoms
and the reverse is also true low testas
intens lead to depression and it's also
about directional relationship uh next
being impulsive being impatient you know
sadly that is also a sign of high
testosterone testosterone makes man more
impulsive and it makes man discount the
future it makes men focused on uh you
know pleasure rewards and that's one of
the reasons why men will have
testosterone again depending on their
genetics in the environment tend to
commit more crimes um they're very
impulsive and they are they discount the
future again it's an evolutionary
mechanism that is associated with uh
making men fight and compete for mates
because think about it competing for
Mates is not uh the wisest long-term
decision right because it comes with a
lot of risks so testosterone had to find
a way to regulate that that system next
being irritable that is actually a poor
sign of high testosterone right again
goes back to the whole anger thing
people think oh somebody's angry he must
have high tea no in fact the opposite
tends to be true people with high te are
actually calmer and less irritable next
being jealous so jealous the scientific
term is really M guarding Behavior
unfortunately that is the sign of high
testosterone and I say unfortunately but
you guys know what I mean um and that
makes all the sense in the world right
if you look at alpha males in the wild
the Alpha Lion the silver back Alpha
chimp they're very very jealous very
protective of the female especially when
she's in uh um you know when she's about
to ovulate or or when she's fertile so
jealousy has evolved as a mechanism to
help men uh you know have a monopoly on
their mates so again it leads to bad
things like assault and violence
domestic abuse um but hey it's biology
again this is not me glorifying it this
is just me showing you guys the painful
truth men with high te tend to be very
protective of their uh their Partners
you know and I I said this could be a
good thing or it could be a bad thing
right next empathy right having low
empathy again unfortunately that is a
sign of high testosterone and this one
has been studied several several times
in many different experiments uh
testosterone lowers empathy which makes
sense because in order to fight for MCE
in order to compete people forget that
testone is a warrior hormone it it
evolved to make men fight fight for
status fight for mates in order to fight
and unfortunately kill which is what our
ancestors had to do uh you know wage
Wars and attack members of other tribes
empathy has to go down there's no way
there's no way around it you can't be
you can have a lot of empathy and also
kill someone you can have a lot of
empathy and fight someone you know so
testosterone lowers empathy both in men
and in women and once again the
experiments have been done you inject
people with
testosterone uh you know temporarily and
their empathy goes down without them
even knowing right in Placebo studies so
uh next we have having a wide array of
emot ions so being very emotional you
know having a lot of different emotions
um a bigger spectrum of emotions that is
actually a sign of low testosterone it's
actually a sign of high estrogen low
testosterone all El equal um and in fact
this is so true that uh people who
transition women who transition from
female to male they obviously inject
testosterone they experience a reduction
in their ability to feel a wide spectrum
of emotions um and vice versa as well so
testost actually Narrows and and reduces
the spectrum of emotions that a person
feels so it tends to make you less
emotional but it also reduces uh the um
all the different emotions that you can
feel and s s until you talk to women
that you realize that women have way
more emotions that man not just uh the
number of emotions but the uh how do I
explain this without going to going into
the technicals uh think of it as like a
rainbow again a rainbow of multi many
different colors imagine the colors are
emotions women have a lot more of those
where men have like you know I'm going
to make up a number like let's say five
you know happy sad anger whatever uh
whereas women have many subdivisions of
these emotions but anyway next telling
the truth now this one is very tricky
I'm going to put this in the middle so
what the science has found is that when
men have high testosterone or or when
they injected with testosterone they
actually tell the truth more which is
almost the opposite of what people
thought right you would think it would
make men liar whatever no men actually
tell the truth more when they have high
testosterone but that's mainly because
they have less anxiety less fear cuz
most of the time when people Li because
they're scared um and it's also because
men with high te T to Value honor and
reputation but the reason I'm putting
this in the middle is because there's
also instances where men will lie if the
lie you guessed it will increase their
status because again that's the end goal
of the sterone is to help man increase
the status so that's why it goes in the
middle it really depends on context
next we have submissive Behavior so
submitting to Authority submitting I
know I'm going to get hate from this but
once again it's the facts to religious
figures religious authorities whatever
that's actually a sign of lowy this has
been documented several times uh because
Tason does the opposite the staso makes
men rebellious the staso makes men hate
Authority um and therefore when men have
high te they tend to be more rebellious
women have lowy that tend to be more uh
you know obedient and uh
that t to conform to uh norms and
standards which is one of the reasons
why through our
history political leaders Kings rulers
religious figures have done their best
uh to try to lower men's testost levels
you know because it makes them more
obedient it is very hard to govern a
nation of ha man because that just that
just don't listen I'm not going to go
into another random biion you guys have
heard me rent against relig a million
times but do some digging do some
digging you see where I'm coming from
from religion was primarily invented to
control young men and to keep their
testone levels in check but I digress
next criminal Behavior antisocial
Behavior unfortunately that is a sign of
high testosterone and the reason is
simple is again because it's one of the
ways to which men attain status
depending on the environment where they
grew up so if you grew up in a project
you grw up in the hood obviously the
more crime you commit the more time you
did in prison and in Rikers whatever the
higher your status is therefore men tend
to commit more crimes in those regions
also like I mentioned earlier just on
lowest anxiety so leads to more crime
lowest fear leads to more crime uh
justone makes you discount the future
that leads to more crime theone makes
you impulsive tone makes you take more
risks so when you put all of those
factors together now you see why over
90% of violent crimes are committed by
men throughout the world
uh it's mly testosterone and not only by
men but it's usually around puberty and
it Peaks around like mid 20s whatever
and when men's T levels go down their
involvement in crime also tends to go
down so uh this is not just correlation
it is
causation but like I always say depends
on environment it also depends on
genetics not everyone will high testone
is a criminal next we have masturbation
again contrary to what everybody else
thinks that's actually a sign of high
testosterone again this is not my
opinion this is founded in so much
research and the reason is simple
testosterone drastically increased the
sex drive so when men have access to
mates they have sex when they don't they
masturbate this has been shown over and
over and over again but meanwhile you
were alled to believe that oh
masturbation is sign of low te it's the
complete first of all it's so stupid
because all you have to do is know
endocrinology and biology think about it
tassone increases sexual behavior so if
masturbation
was the sound of low tea you wouldn't
[ __ ] masturbate because you have no
sex drive people are so freaking dumb
that's why I say that's why I'm always
bashing the noap and see retention
movements because even though we on the
same page when it comes to the fact that
men should not be masturbating and
watching por all day they are so
clueless about how the human body
actually works men with high
testosterone actually have sex more and
when they have no access to sex they
actually
masturbate perfect example people in the
military masturb it a lot you guys think
military men have loyalty man man in
prison masturbate a lot you think man in
prison have low tea teenagers when they
go through puberty they St masturbating
like crazy hm I wonder what happens
around puberty that's the goes down or
up it goes up you see it's like just
using Common Sense will destroy the
entire no fais retention movement saying
that oh porn Lis M masturbation L it's
the complete opposite now once again
that does not mean that you should be
masturbating or you should be watching
porno the goddamn time but at the same
time I hate lies do not a lot of people
about how the body works right in every
study done on the topic the conclusion
is the same high testosterol man tend to
masturbate more and masturbation also
increases testosterone that's why
prolactin is released in order to bring
the testosterone back to Baseline so
that you're not stuck in a vicious cycle
of beating your me for 20 hours straight
now I made I made whole videos about
cement retention and noap and how to
deal with porn addiction and blah blah
blah so you guys watch that I don't want
to beat a dead horse but again this is
not pro promoting masturbation this is
not promoting porn this is dispelling
myths around this and it is those myths
that actually keep people slaves to porn
and masturbation next we have memory
loss memory loss is actually a sign of
low testosterone people man's
testosterone levels go down they tend to
experience memory issues that does not
mean that the reverse is shooter right
having super high testone does not mean
that your memory is God mode next we
have very very very low sensitivity to
pain so in short being being resistant
to pain being able to endure pain that
is actually a sign of high testosterone
and I think I made post about that in
the past showed you guys the studies uh
testone actually um raises your pain
threshold so you're able to obviously
push through pain um I mean Mak sense
right Tor invol to make you fight once
again and it's hard to fight when you're
very sensitive to pain next parenting
Behavior unfortunately this one is going
to shock a lot of you guys this is
actually a sign of low testosterone I
know it sounds crazy but testosterone
actually goes down when men become
fathers and it's not because of the lack
of sleep and the stress that obviously
plays a role uh but it's mainly because
of evolution right because high
testosterone is not conducive to
Parenting Behavior because think about
it testosterone makes you have less
empathy when you have a kid you need
more empathy tone gives you more
aggression when you have a kid you need
less aggression tone makes you want to
have multiple sex partners and keep
chasing women well when you have a kid
you have to do less of that so men and
even Birds this is not just in humans
it's in Birds it's in a lot of uh social
creatures the moment the father is
around a child his testosterone tends to
go down in order to promote parenting
Behavior so there's an inverse
relationship between parenting behavior
and testosterone now that doesn't mean
you become hypog gonado right when I say
lower toone I mean lower than I mean low
relative to obviously uh you know other
men does not mean you have 200 NR per
Des liter tea because you become a
father and trust me I've experienced
this when my daughter was born oh my
goodness my tea levels got crushed I had
zero sex drive zero motivation to
conquer all I wanted to do was just stay
home and be a good dad and again you
know you can't complain because if you
had to choose between high tea and
becoming a good father always pick
becoming a good father now when it's
time to protect your family or to defend
your family then obviously to some will
rise fight to protect your loved ones
which goes back to what I told you guys
earlier to St one fluctuates it's never
always high or always low it constantly
fluctuates all right next having the
desire for multiple women that is
actually a sign of extremely high
testosterone and I know people are going
to hate this but the science does not
lie and the science does not care about
your feelings or your religions or your
whatever men evolve to clap multiple
cheeks the science on that is so vast
that you have to just close the Blind
Eye to it men are not monogamous
contrary to what society and tradition
tells you that's why the cheating rate
is so high that's why the sex scandal is
all over the world uh the moment a man
the moment a man attains high status and
high power men are biolog biologically
designed to have sex with as many
different fertile women as possible now
of course that's not great for society
right that's that's terrible for society
it leads to Crime it leads to rape least
to a bunch of other things um but again
biology doesn't lie the higher a
person's testosterone the higher that
desire for polygamy the higher desire
for multiple sex partners now again I'm
not saying you should go out there and
cheat on your partner or do all that
stuff no no these are things you're
going to have to talk to your partner
about figure out a situation that works
for you but I'm just presenting the
facts men are not
monogamous and the higher that two
levels are the more they desire multiple
partners I know sucks for the women out
there next porn addiction again I
mentioned this before that is that is
Believe It or Not a sign of high
testosterone to be specific it is a sign
that a person has high testosterone but
does not know how to channel the high
testosterone into productive things into
a purpose so they result to watching
pawn and I know everybody thought it was
the opposite everyone thought oh Pawn
ution means low te which is again the
dumbest thing you could freaking think
about because the very Act of being
addicted to porn means you have an
insatiable sex drive which is driven by
testosterone if porn addiction led to
low te then men addicted to porn will
stop watching porn because they have
less sex drive again Comm
[ __ ]
sense but this generation lacks it badly
now once again this is not me promoting
Pawn this is not me saying that porn is
good or bad that's me explaining the
mechanism behind why people watch porn
and that's why if you watch my videos on
how to quit porn or how to stop porn
addiction I tell men you have to channel
that testosterone elsewhere right men
resort to porn when they have no access
to mates no friends no competition no
purpose nothing to do
what what do you think is going to
happen the brain is going to look for
what it thinks is the quickest way to
bust a nut CU that's what theone does
another proof of this is when you lower
a person's testosterone When you crush
it they stop watching porn porn
consumption goes down the freaking drain
when you increase the T levels guess
what they do again if they have no
access to Maze and no purpose whatever
they're still watching porn so anyone
who tells you that porn Lis Chi or
whatever is
clueless about how tone works but then
again my advice to men out there is do
not waste your time on the screen
beating off right spend that
testosterone elsewhere into the real
world and if you don't your body will
make you spend it into a virtual world
called porn or video games all right
next we have power power output right
this is actually a mental thing it's not
just physical it's mental because it
starts with the brain that is a sign of
extremely high testosterone because
testosterone increases your ability to
recruit high threshold motor units it
increases false production it increases
it increases the recruitment of faster
muscle fibers blah blah blah blah blah I
could make a whole video on this but
being able to Output power right which
is for times velocity is the sign of
extremely high testosterone in fact when
you inject a person with testosterone
one of the first things that that goes
up is not just the strength but their
power output right the neuromuscular
efficiency also goes up next we have
protective behavior and heroism right
people that are heroes people that put
the themselves in the face of danger in
order to save others that is actually a
sign of high testosterone well
documented one of the reasons is
obviously status uh because in most
cultures being a hero is actually
associated with status so it's not that
man are altruistic or whatever don't get
me wrong some people are some men are
doing it for altruistic reasons but more
often than not heroes are heroes because
of testosterone's motivation uh for
status that's why men on the front lines
will charge the enemy knowing that they
might even die is because they know that
if they survive they can be rewarded
with a lot of status and in fact ancient
Roman generals and military leaders all
across the world have taken advantage of
this uh this loophole right where they
will tell man hey the first person who
climbed this uh this Fortress or the
first person who breach the wall is
going to get a medal or honor or and
then men would go like the high to man
will go like crazy trying to be the
first to capture a certain You Know M
stone or whatever a lot will die process
but hey that's history for you right um
Hao man will uses pawns since the
beginning of time to further the agenda
of uh political leaders next rebellious
Behavior again I mentioned that before
that is the Son ofas and that's not
shocking at all just look at teenagers
look at teenage boys uh testosterone
increases rebellious Behavior Uh and it
makes you resistant to Authority
next I'm going get so much hate from
this but again this is facts uh having a
rightwing political bias being more
conservative that is actually a sign of
high testosterone not only high
testosterone men tend to lean right
again I said lean right it's on average
there's High testal man on the left and
on the right but on average high testal
man tend lean to the right but also
temporarily giving men testosterone
tends to make them more uh rightly
biased even if they were not on the
right right especially men that were
shaky about their left leaning um uh
beliefs
and that's not surprising that's because
testosterone lowers empathy increases
conscientiousness increases work ethic
increases competitive behavior on its
own next risk-taking behavior and I'm
talking about like big risks that is a
sign of extremely high testosterone
levels again that's one of the many
reasons why men love riding motorcycles
doing stupid [ __ ] jumping off of
buildings engaging in obviously you know
dangerous fights uh some of the highest
testosterone men in the world like I
said in NFL in MMA they in boxing U
because testosterone makes you very very
very very resistant to fear pain stress
all of those things so it leads to an
increase in risk-taking Behavior next we
have being ruthless believe it or not I
know unfortunately guys that's the sign
of high testosterone and that's because
of what I mentioned earlier right just
starts on Lower empathy which makes it
easier for you to be ruthless assuming
that you have the Gen gentics and
environment for it I have to keep
repeating this over and over again right
it's not just testosterone it's the
combination of testosterone plus
genetics plus the environment right so
when you combine uh you know low empathy
low cooperation
disagreeableness uh fearlessness
whatever and you put that person in the
wrong environment they have a very high
chance of becoming ruthless uh once you
increase the T levels next high sex
drive again that's a sign of extremely
high testle people don't understand this
it is almost impossible for a man to
have high sex drive I'm not talking
about normal I'm talking about high sex
drive without high, why because Sex
Drive is controlled by testosterone DHD
and estral right the main estrogen all
of which come from again testosterone
right so when somebody has a high sex
dve whether they use it on women or porn
or or masturbation doesn't matter that
is one of the ultimate signs of high
testosterone and like I said
testosterone fluctuates right so it
could be high one day low later in the
evening low the next day that's why
sometimes you horny as [ __ ] and out of
nowhere a few hours later you don't feel
honny at all just stone is constantly
fluctuating so but if you Hony all the
freaking time more often than even in
women as well when women are injected
with testosterone guess what their sex
drive goes through the roof and the
reverse is also true you lower man sea
levels their sex drive crushes same
thing with animals next we have good
sleep being able to sleep deeply and
peacefully and and just being able to
have sound sleep believe it or not
that's actually sound of high
testosterone which is shocking because
sleep by itself increases testosterone
and testostrone also increases your
ability to uh you know enter deep sleep
right which is really weird because you
would think wait why is there a
bidirectional relationship with sleeping
testosterone but there is and there's
many reasons I can make videos explain
that as well but men with good
testosterone levels on average uh you
know sleep better and that again it's a
cycle right that by itself lead to
elevated levels of te next spatial
skills good spatial skills that is
actually a sign of H to on as well which
is why on average men have better spal
skilles than women and there's a lot of
theories as to why one of the leading
theories is because man evolved to hunt
things like that but again this video is
already too long I'm not going to go
into the details next we have speed that
is a sign of extremely high testosterone
and again speed is a combination of
physic iCal and mental things right but
it's mainly back to what I said ear
about power testone increases not just
your fast muscle fibers but it also
increases your ability to recruit your
high threshold motor units so many
studies on this speed and power output
huge huge huge Downstream um targets of
high testosterone next we have
motivation for status right being
obsessed with status that is the sign of
extremely high testosterone one of the
first things that that goes up on a
person has high net Androgen status is
they're obsessed with increasing their
status whether that be through school
through education money entrepreneurship
Sports doesn't matter chess sterone has
a massive massive impact on M's desire
to rise up social hierarchies right and
it mainly does it through dopamine
signaling Pathways and things like that
the amigdala blah blah blah I could do a
whole course on this thing but long
story short when somebody's extremely
driven Mor than not they have very high
testost even in women women that are
very very driven to increase their
status uh to compete and do all those
things tend to have more testosterone on
average next we have strength yeah
strength is the mental thing as well as
the physical thing and that is also a
sign of high testosterone for the
reasons that I mentioned earlier
testosterone increases motor unit
recruitment it increases motor it
increases neuromuscular efficiency even
and dependent on muscle mass meaning if
you increase a person's testosterone and
you keep their muscle mass the same
their strength still goes up because of
the neural uh the effects of
testosterone has on neural output right
so strength is a sign of high
testosterone and Elite strength is a
sign of extremely high testosterone
right so you can put this here or here
depending on uh where on the spectrum of
strength you are that's why grip
strength is one of the strongest
predictors of testosterone levels right
so in fact I could even put this up here
right the reason why it's between here
and here is because you also got a
factor in technique and like I said
muscle mass and leverage and genetics
insertion points things like that so
it's between here and here so I'm going
to put this up here next we have being
stressed being stressed all the time
that's obviously a sound a l
testosterone because testosterone does
the opposite it actually reduces stress
and it's also a bidirectional
relationship here where stress lowers
testosterone as well next we have being
distrusting being suspicious that is
actually a sign of high testosterone
high testosterone men tend to be very
very very distrusted of others that's
one of the reasons why cooperation tends
to go down um and that's also one of the
reasons why it makes men rebellious
right men with HEI a very suspicious of
others and sometimes they become
borderline paranoid right so there you
know it depends on the the person's
environment and context and things like
that and last but not least having a
culture of Honor being driven by honor
and respect and Status we see this all
over the world you know Islam we see
this with the Messiah uh nomadic tribes
that is a sign of extremely high
testosterone when men's testosterone
levels go up they are very sensitive to
disrespect they're very sensitive to
honor cues they're very sensitive to uh
again just again signs of respect right
and that's for evolutionary reasons but
anyway guys hope this video helps join
the private training group and buy the
ebooks if you want to support the
channel I'm out of here
