all right guys really quick video about
what me and H used to backload now um
once again I still get question people
ask me Megan are you still backloading
yes it's been like what two years now I
think I told you guys I would never stop
call backloading as long as [ __ ] I don't
know un unless some new [ __ ] comes out
that's 10 times better out of all the
dice I've done this D is the only one
that's been I mean it's the only die
where I was able to put on I already
told you guys I was able to put on 40
pounds 40 PBS in 6 months and still keep
my abs nothing else nothing else worked
that well and if you a noob and you made
that many gains that I understand but I
was already lifting when I started
carback I was already past my new face
in fact I was stuck at 167 you guys
remember I was stuck at 167 could not
grow every time I increased in my
calories my stomach just got bigger
because because of my fat days so I was
stuck at 167 had to go back to 165 to
lose that extra belly that came and I
tried I told you I tried the caveman
died I tried uh a 40 4020 splits I tried
just keeping being 500 over my calories
I tried inter inting fasting which was
actually pretty good um but just
couldn't you know give me a lot of mask
cuz I have a shitty appetite I couldn't
fit all my calories into a small window
but anyway on call came today so yes if
you keep asking me the answer is yes I'm
still doing call back loading all I'm
doing now I'm just doing little tricks
and the more you know your body the more
you can you can [ __ ] customize your
diet right so I'm still doing callback
loading what I'm doing is you know
tweaking it a little bit you know based
on uh works School classes feedback but
as far as the principle of backloading
at post-workout and keeping um cars
post-workout yes guys I'm still doing it
so I hope that answer that question so
anyway uh me and hanza the struggle with
call backloading is you got to keep
finding uh uh high glycemic cars to O
post workout right and um I'm a big rice
eater I love rice and you can't really
have a good backload of rice right I
only eat rice and D I'm not backloading
so on backloading days you want that
just really fast and me with my lactose
intolerance and my gluten intolerance
that cancels out almost every [ __ ]
candy out there everything that is high
glycemic so I still go out of my way I I
still take I still drink milk I can't
getat away from lactose guys way protein
it's made out of milk um so I I still
take lactose just not as much I still
eat gluten cuz it's everywhere and my
favorite foods include gluten but um
here's our secret this what me and H
been
eating recently is we keep cycling our
fast adusting cars uh uh we get tired of
them right you know I get tired of eting
the same [ __ ] all the [ __ ] time this
one is H I can't find
mine
uh by the way H is [ __ ] M I got to
make a video showing you guys what H
looks like he's 235 lbs now big as [ __ ]
oh that goes mine that's why I I finish
that [ __ ] yesterday all right this [ __ ]
right there I don't know if your Kroger
or your Walmart has it but guys check it
out it's only you can backload with this
like a [ __ ] not only sweet as
[ __ ] but look at this 10 calories per
serving half a cup right it has 1.5 G of
fat remember when you backloading you
want your fast to be almost at zero
which is impossible but you want to keep
it to a minimum um so carbs here 22 gam
of carbs right a lot of sugar 18 g of
sugar 3 g of protein so one cup of this
is 44 G of fast digesting sugars
post-workout this is [ __ ] awesome and
it tastes amazing so I have there H has
chocolate cuz he loves chocolate I have
the berry parfait Berry parfait from my
French [ __ ] out there and um
yeah just one cup of this has 6 g of
protein which you know which is not bad
I mean we're not looking for the protein
we're looking for the fast adusting
carbs now you see Zer G of fiber cuz you
want that that quick Spike and um I take
it off for KN guys I take it with this
[ __ ] go to Kroger and I gave me these
waffle cones waffle cones they are good
as [ __ ] guys and what also look at this
one cone has 0.5 G of fat so once again
Perfect combo low fat 20 G of 19 I'm
just going to rise to 20 one g of
protein so one corn of this plus a cup
of ice cream you already have 20 plus 40
you got like 60 G of carbs push work out
just like that right two of these why
one two cones and two cups you got 120
so it's perfect for back loading and
when we tried it we started doing this
last week um when we tried it guys by
day two you the thing is based on the
way your body responds to different
foods you know what cars are working for
you cuz on the second after taking this
we would was swoll than the [ __ ]
I took some pictures I show to you guys
I was [ __ ] you know how the
bodybuilders go on C depletion before a
show and then C up oh man I was SW as
[ __ ] and I wasn't even depleted I was
just halfly depleted and [ __ ] so these
that's the sign that your body sucks
this up really [ __ ] fast right there
BL sign right there I don't know I got
to look into it but
anyway check it out postwork out once
again it's called Kroger vers Kroger
Brand Deluxe frozen yogurt and the con
is called Kroger Brand waor so if your
store as they have them just make sure
you look for something that has very low
fat very high sugar all right I hope
that helps for you guys are are
backloading out there if you're not
carback loading do not eat this [ __ ]
you're going to get fat as [ __ ] all
right this is a privilege for us
[ __ ] team 3D hey guys what's
going on quick video um how to increase
your upper chest upper backs once again
I'm going to give you guys both my my
anecdote My Bro Science and what this
the literature says what the scientific
research says so when you combine it all
together I'm going to rank them in one
two three number one is the dumbbell
incline press right believe it or not
the barbell incline press
