and tagging the supersets are a cheat
code for saving time
hey what's going on megan here top 10
ways to save time in the gym
ranked right so how to try to get your
work out of the way in an hour or less
especially for you guys who are doing
full body workouts or
workouts that tend to last a lot longer
all right so this is going to help you
reduce your workouts without sacrificing
volume and obviously effort and
intensity so the more volume you can get
in without spending too much time in the
gym and obviously without
hurting your recovery the better anyway
let's get straight to it you guys are
familiar with the ranking system i'm
about to nut so that's the best of the
best all the way down to pure garbage so
let's pick one i read right so let's
start with one of the most underrated
things you can do to save time in the
gym which is train your small muscle
groups at home i'm gonna put that in
[ __ ] amazing category guys
you don't have to go to the gym and
[ __ ] do side laterals and [ __ ] when
you can just buy 15 or 30 pound uh
dumbbell set depending on how much
weight you need and just do this [ __ ] at
home guys it takes like five minutes to
do side laterals right same thing with
abs and
and uh you know small muscle groups guys
you could train those at home it takes
less than five minutes
right you could train them during
commercial breaks you could train them
while you're prepping your coffee in the
morning you don't have to do all of your
exercises in the gym i don't know why we
stuck in this mindset that training only
happens in the gym no you could do your
satellite rules at home you could do
your dumbbell kickbacks at home right if
the weight is challenging enough for you
right and that will save you a lot of
time in the gym because now you can
focus on the movements that you can do
at home you know like the the heavy
squats and you know all the all of the
machines or movements that you just you
know can do in your house so
number one
save your small muscle groups for your
[ __ ] house number two another
underrated piece of advice i'm gonna put
that [ __ ] amazing is guys unless
you're competing for a goddamn
bodybuilding show you do not have to
train every single muscle on your body
again everyone acts like a [ __ ] robot
and i feel like they have to train every
muscle you want to go that far then
you're going to be training like
hundreds of muscles because to be
technical there are hundreds of muscles
in the human body right 600 to be exact
so you're going to go to the gym and try
to hate 600 muscles of course not right
so one of the best things you could do
to reduce your the amount of time you
spend in the gym is just don't train the
muscles that you don't give a [ __ ] about
now of course i'm not referring to the
things that are going to give you
imbalances right obviously you want to
avoid muscle imbalances but you don't
have to do the same amount of volume for
every muscle right if you have to do
five heart attacks to build muscle you
don't have to go in there and do five
o'clock sets for every single muscle on
your body right like hamstrings like
what the [ __ ] is about hamstrings unless
you're an athlete unless you're a
bodybuilder right [ __ ] your hamstrings
right nobody looks at a [ __ ] and says
damn bro your hamstrings are so
nobody cares about hamstrings guys all
right now of course if you do then again
that's your you know it's all different
argument but for most people stop
wasting your time on useless ass things
that don't add to your goal at all now
you should do enough volume on your
hamstrings to make sure you have you
know imbalance with your quads right but
you don't have to do 30 [ __ ] sets of
hamstrings a week right just enough
volume to prevent imbalances that's it
right two to three sets and then save
your five heart sets for the muscles you
actually care about right i'm using
hamstrings in this example but you could
apply that you know to anything like if
you have huge calves why are you
training calves if you don't give a [ __ ]
about forearms why are you training
forearms there are so many muscles that
you don't have to hit unless your goals
to be a competitive bodybuilder or if
it's going to help you in your sport
right and that's going to free up more
time for you to focus on the other
muscle groups next avoiding redundant
exercise i want to put that okay right
that's a good way to save time for
example right why are you doing
fundraisers right especially in the gym
if you're doing bench on the same day or
overhead price on the same day right
avoid redundant exercises if your front
desk are being hit with overhead
pressing or benching or dips there's no
reason to add fundraisers to that on
that day of course right now if you want
to do it at home that's fine but for
most people you guys are doing way too
many redundant movements right i see
people going to gym and they do like
seated cable roll and then they go out
and they do
the exact same roll but in a different
position i'm like dude it's the same
[ __ ] muscle right you just switch
your position a little bit right doing
bent over roll and then cable roll the
same day is so [ __ ] redundant unless
you're hitting a different angle but in
that case it's not really the same
exercise but you get my point right stop
doing redundant movements that's gonna
save you a lot more time in the gym next
superset i'm going to put that in i'm
about to not category and i'm talking
about antagonistic supersets right so
chest and back biceps and triceps
shoulder pressing and lat pulldowns
right quads and hamstrings you name it
right and tagging the supersets are a
cheat code for saving time because
believe it or not no it's not gonna
hinder your performance in fact your
performance is gonna go up and some
studies have reported the same findings
as well your performance is gonna go up
your cardio is gonna get better right a
lot of you guys have [ __ ] caught you
anyway right and while you're hitting
let's say biceps your triceps are slowly
recovering right atp is regenerating so
trust me guys antagonistic supersets are
one of the best ways to save time in the
gym and reduce your workouts next i'm
gonna put that in [ __ ] amazing right
compound movements plain and simple
right stop wasting your time with
isolation movements because you're gonna
be in the gym for at least two hours if
you want to hit chest back triceps
biceps and keep in mind that some
muscles require two to three exercises
right depending on how large the muscle
is of course so compound movements are
gonna allow you to hit at least three
birds with one stone for example doing
dips you're hitting your chest you're
hitting your front delts you're hitting
your triceps right doing bent over rows
you're hitting your mid back you're
hitting your lower lats
depending on where you're bringing the
ball you're hitting a little bit of your
real delts and obviously depending on
the grip you're hitting some bicep right
so compound movements are going to allow
you to get a lot of volume in we just
want to exercise people forget that when
you're doing a chest press you're not
doing five sets of chests you're doing
five sets of chests and there's also
five sets of front delts and five sets
of triceps right obviously it's not a
perfect one-to-one ratio but you get
what i mean it's also not a zero so
compound movements are gonna allow you
to get a lot of volume in a short period
of time whereas if you spend that five
to ten minutes on your strikes at push
downs right you only hit one bird with
one stone next drop sets guys i'm gonna
put drop sets same thing at [ __ ]
amazing if you don't hit your speed
training you already know i love drop
sets and rest balls guys rest process
and drop sets are by far
some of my favorite ways not just to
maximize that pertrophy maximize the
pump and maximize volume in a short
period of time guys you're going to be
at the gym so fast right keep in mind
you're getting the same level of
hypertrophy and studies back this up as
well with seventy percent less time on
drop sets
think about that seventy percent less
time
with the same level of muscle growth and
in some cases in some studies that
pressure was actually higher in the drop
set group right which is why for the
last 10 years i have not changed my
stance on drop sets and rest balls right
so i want to put rice balls right next
to it as well but behind drop sets right
those two are absolute life savers when
you show it on time
people forget that a triple drop set
counts as three sets not one set and
again studies back this up i can't go
into the science but i already made a
video about that so just look up drop
sets next i'm gonna put that okay right
which is focus on high rep work right if
you're short on time focus on pump high
rep stuff guys obviously within a usual
route range of 15 or 30 reps you can use
blood flow restriction training which i
absolutely love or you could use shorter
raspberries you're just gonna have to do
slightly more volume right and don't let
no one tell you otherwise guys you're
gonna build just as much muscle as
someone doing brutally heavy weights
i've debunked that [ __ ] over a decade
ago and now the science is clear on this
don't let no one tell you that high reps
don't build muscle right
for the last decade there's been so many
studies debunking that myth and it blows
my mind some people still believe this
that you want to build more so you gotta
look super heavy nope as long as you're
going close to failure you can build
muscle with low reps and high reps right
just don't go above 30 reps because then
that's overkill now why is that gonna
help you save time simple if you're
doing super super super heavy lifting
you're gonna have to rest super super
[ __ ] long whereas with high rep stuff
you're doing 15 or 30 reps in less than
one or two minutes you're ready to go
again right so that's the quick way to
get a lot of volume in in a very short
period now if your goal is strength or
if you're doing hsp training and it's
your heavy day then yeah you can't
utilize that right because the whole
point of heavy day on my usb training
program is to maximize strength and bone
density blah blah blah so you can apply
this on heavy day or if you're
powerlifter because if your goal is to
prioritize strength then you have to
live heavy and you obviously have to
rest longer next common [ __ ] sense
but i'm gonna put that okay right go
when the gym is empty guys nowadays you
can go on google type your gym and it's
gonna show you when the gym is the
busiest right so either go in the
morning right or go out of time when
your gym is empty this way you're gonna
be able to super sad you're gonna be
able to you know you're not gonna sit
there have to wait i can't tell you how
many times i go in the gym and i'm like
i can only be here for an hour
because i got [ __ ] to do and the person
usually the power lifter is hugging the
squat rack and just sitting on his phone
texting right or what i'm trying to
super sad and then you know people are
on the way long story short go when the
gym is empty guys it's gonna make it a
lot easier for you to get in and out you
know especially if you're trying to do
an exercise that doesn't have a lot of
alternatives and people are hiking that
[ __ ] you [ __ ] right so just go when
the gym is empty last but not least i'm
just gonna put this one out okay guys
remember those machines that we always
make we should always make fun of those
are lifesavers guys because when you're
in a rush it's best to use a machine
this way you don't have to actually
spend too much time re-racking right
because the stronger you get the longer
it takes to re-rack weights
especially on the bench on the squat and
god forbid don't get me started on the
leg press right that's one of the
reasons i hate the leg press so much
guys i spend more time unwrapping that
[ __ ]
than i spend actually doing the exercise
right because the stronger you get the
leg press
the more you have to warm up like
[ __ ] sixth place on each side and
[ __ ] right so when you're trying to save
time stick to machine exercises it's
gonna be easier for you to drop sets
it's gonna be easier for you to rest
balls and obviously you don't have to
worry about re-racking or finding plates
you know all that [ __ ] adds up man all
the time you're spending looking for
place putting the plates on re-racking
the weights you know that adds up over
time so anyway long story short guys
these are the top 10 ways to save time
in the gym try to reduce your workouts
uh if you're short on time and things
like that i hope this video helps you in
the comment section don't forget to join
the reddit i'm out all right guys don't
forget to like or share the video
subscribe and hit the bell and buy my
hsp nucleus of a little training program
it's the ultimate program for maximum
muscle growth it includes full body
workout splits bro splits push pull
home workouts you name it also comes
with a complete guide for macros
nutrition fat loss muscle growth
hormones
including a meal plan it's pretty much
all my 16 years of experience
condensed into one [ __ ] book you're
also gonna get free copies of any future
edition so visit team3d alpha.com and
you can use the forty percent off coupon
code nucleus overlord or you could just
buy this [ __ ] at full price alright guys
i'm outta here
