hey guys going on a meeting here long
time no see three questions that I've
been getting the most Meighan where have
you been
number two what was the pros and cons of
taking that long-ass break and three
what did I learn for me right so I'm
gonna try to keep it as short as
possible
by the way glad to be back I read all
the comments I read all the messages
thank you guys for waiting this long so
the more one way my man why don't I take
a break from you too well I actually got
a mystic a brick me too but took a break
from bodybuilding took away from a lot
of other projects and the reason is
simple if you guys remember from my last
videos at the time I was going through a
lot of stuff as far as managing many
different things right I was trying to
focus on being a father my daughter was
born you guys know the story I wasn't
really prepared for that scenario so I
had to manage but you know fatherhood I
was also went back to school you guys
remember that was one of my goals was to
go back to school because I dropped out
so many times when I was a teenager so
Mike when one of my big goals was to go
back to school and finish it up right so
I was going for three associates and two
bachelor degrees right so that's five
total so I'm sad I'd have to manage that
which was very very tough I was I was
going to be junior tech it's not one of
the easiest schools to graduate from I
was taking care of that you got to
remember my brother had moved in with me
at the time so I had to manage his
transition you know kind of know how to
be his guardian but that was tough how
to manage obviously again basic
relationships or a finger a friend
friends social life most supreme was
surfing at the time and on top of that I
had to manage you know YouTube you know
and if you guys are not familiar with
the way you towards
YouTube is something you mainly do out
of passion because you too doesn't pay
[ __ ] right you don't start getting me
you know something a lot of money from
YouTube unless you're really really big
Chen so it's men sometimes don't have a
passion but it took a lot of time out of
my schedule I was to put in perspective
I was spending at least three to four
hours a day on YouTube right I had to
read through comments to respond to
messages I was training clients was just
something I always loved to do I was
looking up topics to make videos on
I mean it just took at least three to
four hours a day not to mention making
the videos editing the video uploading
rendering all that stuff right so I was
spending three to four hours a day on
YouTube I was spending I was trying to
spend as much time as possible finishing
my degrees I was on spent as much time
as possible being the father you know
now I'm missing so many milestones which
I did I was managing in my brother's
situation at the time body building and
you guys know it's not a it's not a it's
not a simple game right I didn't manage
my meals spending two three hours in the
gym trying to get enough sleep call do
you know milk prep all of these things
right so he got to a point where
everything was suffering right like I
said you can't chase too many rabbits at
once right and eventually us what
happened I was chasing so many things
you know dealing with school dealing
with family dealing with my daughter
dealing with abroad dealing with I was
also working at you know as a tutor at
the time so I had to deal with that it
was just it was just too much and I was
also you know it's listening to start
trading which took at least I'd spent at
least six to seven hours a day in the
beginning it eventually we went up to up
to ten hours a day just learning trying
to absorb as much information as
possible so eventually had to make a
decision you know first and foremost I
had to focus on being a family man right
because I got to the point I was making
so many videos I was spending so much
time on videos and training clients that
I was missing milestones right I was
missing a lot of my daughter's
milestones I look back I said wait a
minute I'm never gonna get these moments
again some appeal denied making videos
having fun whatever doing homework and
doing this and then and then I'm
realizing Thomas go about my daughter's
1 2 3 4 years old and I was missing so
many important in the moments I mean I
even miss her first steps right I was
doing a collab at the time so I realized
okay this is it YouTube was something I
was doing have a passion right it's not
something I was paying me a lot right
you guys know you've had even personal
training you know this is something I
was doing out of passion right you guys
went to my knees trash I was trusting my
clients like five hours a day all right
so that's not something I was gonna you
know you know take us so it was not
something that they had a higher
priority at the time
I had to focus on just three things
finishing school because I wasn't gonna
drop out a full-time I had to fit you
know and I thought to focus on being a
dad
upon my daughter grow being there to
monitor thing being here to enjoy the
milestones and and I had to focus on
stock trading because that was you know
the number one thing at the time I
spoiled my finances were concerned so
things had to suffer
things have to go you know I had to stop
by the building yes I took at least two
year break from consistent training mean
I was still going but it wasn't world
training which is going it's kind of get
my mind right because you guys know the
training is like a therapy for me so all
these things had to go away like I had
to quit my tutoring jobs to focus on
trading which was one of the best
decisions I ever made and eventually the
channel had to go you know I was in able
to you know if you guys remember I even
tried to come back I tried to come back
at one point and it was just too much
and why did I come back at first because
again I love making videos you know it's
not something that pays me but something
that have somebody loves to do a lot
making videos there's nothing and fellow
youtubers I don't know what I'm talking
about it's nothing like coming home
opening your inbox and seeing the
progress pictures seeing the comments
saying hey making this video changed my
life
Amy and I really appreciate your help on
this topic whatever people sending me
only thing guys when people send me
messages saying hey I was struggling
with depression I want to commit suicide
this these are things that when you read
it literally not only it gives your
sense of purpose but it becomes an
addiction almost you know seeing that
positive reinforcement you know so
that's why I kept coming back and with
us do other things that suffering not a
way more important than helping clients
and making videos you not spend time
with your daughter you're not spending
time which over you know with your
family you're not focusing on your you
know on your education which is why you
went back to school
so long story short that's why I had it
anyway because if you know what I'm
gonna focus on these top three
priorities you know my daughter
finishing school start trading right and
then when all that is not of the way I'm
gonna come back and make videos that
YouTube was not going anywhere so I cut
down and everything like said cut down
the bodybuilding cut down on YouTube
I kept training some client but was
mainly friends and family I was training
for free anyway um and I just start
responding out so they want normal
training know
goichi nothing I got to focus on me and
long starts short what was the payoff
why was the pros and cons well first
time stuff with the negatives the cons
was obviously because making videos and
coaching and training was such a big
passion of mine
one of the biggest cons was that my
mental state right my mental state I
wasn't as happy common sense right if
you love to play basketball and you take
a two-year break from you're not gonna
be happy right I wasn't as happy um
I gained weight of course cuz you know
stop dieting still gonna jam to other
stuff my injuries got worse you guys
remember I have injuries on my left on
my shoulder my lower back which is the
worse my foot from the motorcycle
accident in my left knee from squats so
all these injuries actually came back
because I wasn't really exercising those
muscles you know under Stennis so that
was one of the big negatives now let's
look at the pros right the pose was
again I got to focus on the things that
matter the most I was able to see
milestones now I was able to see my
daughter growth was to focus on my
development I was able to finish all
those five fuck-ass degrees right um
what's not a problem I was able to focus
on trading right which was making one of
the best decisions of my life so that
was the pose right and I had to come at
a cost of my passion but you know
looking back I should have stopped
making videos a long time ago you know
because all I was doing was just
delaying you know my development in my
progress so that's why I took a break
guys that's the pros and cons now what I
learned from it is what I'm saying you
guys neck right if you're managing a lot
of these I'm not the only one that's
managing a lot of stuff right focus on
the top three things that matter the
most right
obviously duties and responsibilities
come first so being a provider being a
father or girlfriend or you know
whatever you doing at the time single
mother whatever that comes first right
you only have 16 hours assuming you
sleep eight hours a day which I was
getting like for five hours anyway but
assuming you sleep 16 hours a day I mean
assuming you sleep eight hours a day
you only have 16 hours left and those 16
hours have to go into all these million
mini goals that you have something is
gonna suffer right and you want to make
sure that when you look back at the end
of your life we didn't sacrifice
the things that matter right what was
the point of me what if I kept making
those videos and the next thing you know
a real [ __ ] [ __ ] look my daughter is
seven years old now can you imagine how
fast time flies what if I look back on
the last holy crap she's seven and I
missed so many moments you know I'm so
whatever you going through whatever you
managing make sure this is having place
for everything
focus on itself three things get that
out of the way and then move on to your
passions right so I had to put my
passion a hold and it was actually my
the best she's ever made now I'm finally
out of time where I supposed to come
back a long time ago tell us what's come
back around she won't cuz I finish
school back in yo months ago so she'll
come back around June but I was like you
know what give it a few more months give
it a few more months just to make sure
that everything is stable just to make
sure that you're you're trading
strategies are automated so that when
you get back to YouTube you don't have
to take a break again because that would
be the worst I was reading to message
people the same thinking when you coming
back they send us in that and it was
painful it was painful to see all that
so the last thing I wanted to do is to
come back too early and then have to
take a break again alright so looking
back this one of the best decisions I've
ever made I wish I made it sooner
apologize for being gone for so long but
you know it's something I had to do so
that's it I hopefully it answers the
question where I been what was the pros
and cons are taking a break and looking
forward
oh by the way to try to make up for long
for loss on yes I'm back to making
videos now not I hope I will to make up
for lost time I'm gonna try to make at
least five videos a week at least five
right that's the right now have plenty
of time online so that's the least I
could do at least five videos a week
maybe more so as always comment below
let me know what topics for me to
discuss there's a lot a lot of stuff I'm
ready to discuss from body building oh
by the way most of them make a video my
current program because I'm finally back
in the gym ready to put back old assad's
that loss ready to give my strength back
ready to deal my injury so I'm gonna
make this up with really explaining my
current program and they'll plan all
that stuff but I'm coming below let me
know what topics want me to address and
like I said at least five videos a week
hold me to that promise
alright guys glad to be back we shop
