going on Megan here all right so next
question is
from say me say name spelled weird but
okay I know your ass man he's that's
that's one of the OG Subs you know I've
seen that using name a lot but um shout
out to you brother all right so me
brother can you talk about certain foods
and how certain foods benefit better
question mark or by science shows which
food has more aminos blah blah blah
variety of meats all right all right so
um if I understand your question you're
referring to like the best protein
sources I guess um so there's obviously
the ultimate top protein sources and
there's also the ones that depends on
what you you know what your normal diet
is you know because again remember to
build muscle you need the different
amino acids right they're all the're 20
21 amino acids I believe uh and I know
nine are essential so you need these the
nonessential amino acids don't really
worry about it your body makes it right
your body makes it from like you know
doing some of the processes involved in
like making energy you know crap cycle
[ __ ] things like that but the
essential ones your body cannot make so
you have to get those from your diet
right and again remember muscle is made
of proteins proteins is made of amino
acids you know linked together in long
ass chains right so if you're missing
certain pieces of the puzzle you're not
going to get maximum results the body
cannot find a substitute when he reads
that genetic code and it goes hm in
order to build bigger bigger chest I
need this this this and that and I
require uh you know valine and lysine
and you know isov Valene and blah blah
blah blah blah blah Aline if you missing
the Aline part or the glutamine part or
whatever the body will not be able to
fully synthesize that you know that
specific protein you know so it's like
putting a puzzle like put it's like
trying to put a puzzle together and you
um you missing like four you know four
pieces yeah you might be done but it's
going to look sketchy as [ __ ] right so
you want to focus on
um uh protein sources that obviously
have the majority of the amino acids
including the essential ones mainly the
essential ones you know especially
Lucine by the
way but uh that that's where
the that's what the
fifth the way I do it is I rank protein
sauces in like top five you know I do
top five for everything top five vegg
top five fruits top five fats I put that
in my uh uh planter and then I Choose
You know I make a m plan based on that
so but the number five is the wild card
and that's what I was trying to get to
is the the fifth protein Source depends
on what your normal diet typically
consists of this way if you deficient in
certain you know certain things or
vitamins or minerals or whatever then
you could replace that wild card but the
top four never change right top four
protein sources according to the science
and according to you know people like
you and I who trying to put on muscle
number one a lot of people have issues
with that but it's milk milk is the best
protein Source on the planet um and
before you start to question and say
well really just think think think in
general terms right think during the
most critical stage of growth right
which is again when a baby's born and
things like that this is when your body
really needs to put on some gains right
build muscle build tissues build enzymes
you know neurotransmitters you name it
right nature has provided milk as the
number one sauce you know for mammals
everywhere right um and it's very simple
it doesn't get more Bas than that milk
has weight and cassine you know and
people forget you know you know a lot of
people actually don't know you know I go
to the gym and I chat with people you
know left and right there are people out
there who do not know that way comes
from milk believe it or not some people
out there do not in fact I meet people
that like oh you take weight protein you
know that that's you're not Natty you
take weight and I'm like what the [ __ ]
did you just say
weight protein that's like saying you
drink milk with your cereal you know
with your cereal in the morning you're
not Natty whe is simply made from uh
from you know from milk yeah it's just a
process form of it but it's made from
milk so anyway uh milk has both uh you
know we and cassine so you have the fast
digesting element of it right you have
the Lucine that's going to activate MTO
um by the way Lucine is the you know the
[ __ ] boss when it comes to M
activation it [ __ ] [ __ ] bypasses so
many Pathways and just go straight and
activates that [ __ ] so you have that
you have the cassine to help the baby
grow at night you know and things like
that so it's not a coincidence that the
the best protein shakes you know you
know whey and cassine come from milk so
no any milk is number one now again if
you can digest milk If you're lactose
intolerant you know do what I had to do
which is take you know lactose-free milk
and things like that or you know if you
just don't want to drink milk let's go
on to number two number two is fish
right and again I rank those not just
based on the amino acid Source but I
also rank it based on your body's
ability to digest it and on the overall
package in terms of you know you know
the Omega-3s and the things that we you
know the other molecules that we need in
our diets face is by far number two
right if it wasn't for milk fish would
be number one fish has everything you
know I mean you have great SSA amino
acids um the Omega-3s that we badly
deficient in you know and bunch of other
things so fish number
two uh
speaking of f salmon salmon is King you
know you could eat tuna whatever else
number three would be um eggs right eggs
in fact eggs is number one in terms of
digestion right you know if you eat you
know in terms of bioavailability like
your body's ability to absorb all of it
uh eggs is up there um and that's
including the the you know the yolk so
egg will be number three number four is
obviously beef I made a lot of videos
about beef man beef is loaded with
things that correlate with strength and
growth you know not I'm not not just the
creatine and the cartine you know which
are not really in huge amounts but it
has I mean just a t i mean just just
look at the animal right I would say
just look at the animal right beef you
know uh a a big ass muscular ass Ox you
know or you know strong ass Buffalo you
if you have the privilege to be able to
eat buffalo or bison whatever that's a
muscular ass animal so it has you know
all the nutrients you know and um
vitamins and minerals and things like
that that essential for you know for
just putting on sides and number five is
the wild card that's what I was saying
earlier in the video so number five that
depends on what your diet is really high
and you you can put turkey in there
turkey is a great source of of protein
as well as different things um uh you
have uh you put other you know other
Seafoods in you know number five uh if
you're vegan obviously beans soy you
know things like that so number five is
with the wild col but the top four you
know in terms of not just protein but
overall package cannot be beat you know
and and I I've compared them you know
you guys know me I I go to [ __ ]
insane depths I put it I had an Excel
file where I put all the protein sauces
and all the benefits and I put all the
PRS all the cons all that [ __ ] and you
know number one was milk number two was
uh fish you know salmon number three was
uh eggs and four was beef uh between
eggs and beef it was kind of like a tie
you you know cuz in in some cases beef
was number one but anyway I hope that
answers your question in terms of the t
protein
sources um again if you're vegan it's
going to be a bit different you know
like the beans obviously going to be a
lot higher you know soybeans you know
things like that but uh that's it hope
to answer your question like subscribe
share comment your questions below
remember to help you you know help each
other out in the comment section I
really like when you guys do that it
saves me from having to repeat myself in
a lot of questions and um as always
dominate for
