all right guys tricep potion of the full
body workout our full body workout we
rotate we pick two exercises then we
rotate you know every every single
workout this day was push downs and dips
so for the push Downs you can tell we
start off with overhand push Downs
really fast really ballistic approach
you know none that's slow control
[ __ ] I already told you guys I only
do that on certain exercises but not
this one this one we going as heavy as
possible we cheating we using [ __ ] form
doesn't matter that's how we get our
arms to grow then we uh drop set away
and now the second time we do underand
try this out guys overhand and then
underhand it is amazing the the feeling
your tricep the cramp the the tight
feeling plus you're going heavy So you
you're getting the both the best of both
words uh you're getting the you
recording faster F cuz you're going
heavy and you you're also using the high
men size principle because you really
you know you're increasing the time on
attention and then we finish it up with
a overhand wider stance push down try
this guys overhand underhand and and
then overhand and wider stance this is
only one set and I try were done try it
out you're going to get a lot of results
with that Marco definitely did and he's
been Lifting for a while so try it out
and let me know how it goes for you I'm
out let's let's make a video and show
how we came out with these insiders and
we spent like the last
first one is you have to you have
