the 10 testosterone boosting
Commandments that you must obey every
single day based on the science and I
made all of them start with the letter s
to make it easier for you to memorize
number nine steps thou shall walk at
least 10,000 steps a day or in short
thou shall not be a sedentary studies
consistently show that sedentary men
have lower testosterone levels than men
who exercise and move around daily and
this is mainly because walking increases
blood flow cardiovascular health muscle
protein cesis digestion recovery insulin
sensitivity dopamine brain function
Sleep Quality immune Health
mitochondrial function thyroid function
while simultaneously lowering
inflammation cortisol body fat and so
much more walking is a cheat code guys
we evolve to walk our ancestors walk
several thousand steps a day we did not
evolve to be sary sons of so in short
walk at least 10,000 steps a day no less
than 8,000 because that is one of
