hey guys what's going on megan here most
of you guys are wrong about your body
fat percentage i mean i recently did a
poll
asking people to vote and select their
estimated body fat percentage and this
is what most people selected right we
got a little bell curve action you know
usually a lot of people like to lie on
these poles i don't know why like the
one i did on height and weight but
as you can see most people are between
11 and 20 body fat so for once uh we
didn't have a lot of liars this time you
know a lot of you guys are full of cap
um
for instance there's no way in hell five
percent of y'all under 10 percent body
fat and i'm gonna explain why all right
so spent some time to put this together
one online like that random pictures
random charts a lot of them are wrong a
lot of them are off because most people
overestimate their body fat percentage i
mean i've been in a space for way too
long i see it time and time again most
people just overestimate somebody's 15
they'll say that 10 if somebody is 20
percent i'll say at 15 so i'm gonna show
you guys some uh some examples some real
life examples
and i try to stretch out this lace as
much as possible right so instead of
just having you know nine the typical
nine pictures or just ten
this one has 18 examples
so you can clearly see
where your body fat percentage
especially if you work out right because
it's kind of hard to get your body fat
percentage if you always comparing
yourself to people who don't lift most
people on this list obviously work out
have some muscle in them and obviously
the extreme man
don't but let's see all right so let's
start with two to three percent body fat
right
none of your [ __ ] better vote
that you under two to three percent body
fat right in fact that's the reason why
i didn't put that option i just put
under 10 right unless you munzer rest in
peace
you are not two to three percent body
fat
right keep in mind guys this is
including body fat under the skin and
body fat around your organs right two to
three percent body fat is extremely
lean in fact a lot of professional ibbb
bodybuilders say that they're three
percent body fat no they're not no
they're not right unless you're in a
category a monster you are not three
percent body fat right next four to five
percent body fat this is where most ifbb
bodybuilders are right wrought it out of
their mind lean and [ __ ] shredded
striations veins everything popping out
feathers you know think of the best
version of kai green on stage that's 45
body fat i know you guys are thinking
two to three percent one percent no
because there's no way in hell he was
leaner than monster right so four to
five percent body fat that's what most
bodybuilders are most professional
bodybuilders at their best best version
of dorman yates who is notorious for
being shredded for having that
ridiculous grainy hard look is somewhere
on the low end right so somewhere
between four percent
and four point five percent but
definitely not into munzer territory
remember guys almost nobody's in monster
territory all right next obviously you
guys know who this is because i know a
lot of people are going to ask about
athlean x six to seven percent right
that [ __ ] is not five percent
body fat you crazy six or seven percent
body fat right if he was under six
percent body fat trust me you'll be
seeing feathers everywhere especially
since he's been working out for a long
time so he has a lot of muscle maturity
he's around six to seven percent body
fat right so a lot of you guys out there
who thought you were six to seven
percent body fat if you're not that lean
with a pump and good lighting get the
[ __ ] out of here right you're not 67
percent body fat next eight to nine
percent body fat right and you guys know
what this is is metcalfe dk metcalf
genetic freak he's around eight to nine
percent body fat yes eight to nine
percent body fat the reason why he looks
a lot less again he's pumped the
lighting is good whatever but if he was
relaxed if he wasn't flexing you would
see that he's around eight to nine
percent but you gotta understand guys a
lot of people are just flexing and using
good lighting so that that takes away
like two percent of their body fat on
the you know on the [ __ ] picture on
the video
but when they relax that's when you can
really see so he's around eight to nine
percent body fat simple if somebody
flexes on the good lighting with a nice
pump and looks like this then try to
think how they look when they actually
relax right so he's around eight to nine
percent body fat next this is what ten
percent body fat looks like obviously
different people have different uh you
know ab genetics and the way their abs
pop out or not but this is around ten
percent body fat you could tell by the
fullness of the chest and uh and the
lack of extreme striations and feathers
and veins and stuff like that right so
this is around 10 body fat maybe 9
but that's pushing it so a lot of you
guys saying that you 10 are under 10
percent body fat unless you look close
to this i'm talking about the muscle
mass because a lot of these guys on the
[ __ ] juice right i'm talking about
just leanness
think twice before you claim 10 percent
body fat and in a future video i'm going
to explain why it's important to know
your actual your actual body fat
percentage because that's what's going
to help you figure out your macros your
caloric intake and things like that
right so you got to know your body fat
percentage because that will help you
know your lean body mass but again
that's another video coming up 11 to 12
body fat you're truly vegan this is what
11 to 12 body fat looks like abs showing
but you can clearly see some fat you can
clearly see that i'm soft i'm not
flexing out i literally took this
picture from a video that's why you see
it everywhere i just went to a video and
i was alright boom right so no pump no
flexing this is literally just me
talking and the body fat back then this
was years ago by the way this is wrong
back when i was obsessed with being lean
and having a six-pack and all that
[ __ ] but 11 to 12 body fat now if i
was under better lighting and if i had a
huge pump then you would think oh maybe
ten nine percent now i'm gonna get
eleven to twelve percent body fat this
is what thirteen percent body fat this
is 50 cent right here back in the days
but he was sold as [ __ ] right this is 13
body fat a lot of people look at this
and they think this is ten percent body
fat no it's not because once again he's
performing so meaning he probably had a
palm did a little workout before
stepping on stage lighting is good
whatever so that's what gives the
illusion that he's a lot leaner but if
he was relaxed if you caught him relax
like let's say he's taking his [ __ ] and
there's a [ __ ] hidden camera in the
[ __ ] bathroom and [ __ ] you will see
man
right gut will come out a little bit
because obviously he's he's holding his
stomach in so this is around 13
and you could clearly see why he swole
but you could clearly see the smooth
look and then so now 14 15 body fat this
is what that looks like 16 to 17 body
fat you can barely see any abs this is
me once again and when i was 18 to 20
body fat you can tell i'm stuck in my
stomach right so this is what 18 20 body
fat looks like right you can't even see
your abs when you suck your stomach in
right and this was years ago again once
again me at 21 to 23 body fat you can
see
zero ab action you can see the gut you
can see the pouch right so this is what
21 to 23 body fat looks like 24 to 26
percent body fat people think that this
is like
18 19 percent by for now this is 24 to
26 body fat stop the cap right 27 to 29
body fat you look like this guy here you
can see a lot of fat now he has a lot of
muscle so it gives the illusion that
he's probably you know maybe he's 20
like people think 20 21 in fact where i
found his picture i thought he was 20
minutes [ __ ] no it's not 20 body fat
compare this to this right this is
around 27 to 29 body fat next picture 30
to 35 body fat if you look anything like
this then you minimum 30 bodies i have
some clients who email me and actually
think that they're around 20 to 25 body
fat looking like this right compare this
to this you are not 20 body fat my dude
you are 30 to 35 body fat and that's
being generous if you look like this
[ __ ] here you 36 to 40 body fat 36
minimum right
there's no way you could have this much
fat and a little titty action and be 25
body fat or even 30 body fat this is 36
to 40 body fat moving on 41 to 44 body
fat right huge belly spilling over
and obviously a lot of titty action
compared to this guy right so 41 to 40
body fat again depending on what the
lower body looks like a lot of people
still fat in their butt their legs
whatever but if you're just looking at
the upper body you're somewhere in that
range now if you has some jacked ass
legs then yeah you know he might be
between the 36 to 40 body fat right but
based on what we have so far 41 to 44
body fat most people will put this guy
at 35 which is ridiculous because then
what would you put this guy you know
next 45 to 55 body fat the reason why i
put such a huge range is because when
you become this [ __ ] fat right when
you wish this much
my dream boost status it's very hard uh
to accurately get your body fat
percentage so the range is a bit wider
so this guy can be anywhere between 45
minimum and 55 body fat right most
charts have this guy at like 35 to 40
body fat are you [ __ ] crazy he's 45
body fat men and if you don't believe it
again just look at the previous pictures
right go all the way down and last but
not least you have death itself right
over 56 percent body fat and that's me
being generous right someone like this
over half of your body is fat right it's
obviously water weight and a bunch of
things like that and don't get me wrong
they also have some lean mass but you
this big this 600 pound life
[ __ ] right you're over 56
percent body fat so so don't even think
twice of claiming 40 body fat if you
look like this right but anyway guys
hope this video helps save this chart so
you can accurately guess your body fat
make sure you vote on the polls scroll
down in the community section and join
already where we have very interesting
conversations relating to fitness
strength hypertrophy fat loss self
improvement things like that all right
see you guys in the comment section all
right guys don't forget to like or share
the video subscribe and hit the bell and
buy my hsb nucleus of a little training
program it's the ultimate program for
maximum muscle growth it includes full
body workout splits bro splits push-pull
home workouts you name it also comes
with a complete guide for macros
nutrition fat loss muscle growth
hormones
including a meal plan it's pretty much
all my 16 years of experience
condensed into one [ __ ] book you're
also going to get free copies of any
future edition so visit team3d alpha.com
and you can use the 40 off coupon code
nucleus overlord or you could just buy
this [ __ ] at full price alright guys i'm
outta here
