hey guys going omegan here here are 20
signs that you would build muscle fast
20 signs that you have Elite muscle
building genetics and before I start
remember do not use genetics as an
excuse to not train hard you guys know
how much I cannot stand the black pale
movement so please do not use this list
as a copout the importance of knowing
your genetics is to Simply know what
careers to focus in what careers to
avoid and in case you have bad genetics
how to use the environment use your diet
use your training to over compensate for
the areas in which you lack that's all
it is at the end of the day whether you
have good or bad genetics you still have
to play with the hands you were dealt
and like I always say somebody with
quote unquote bad genetics who trains
hard who's consistent for years is going
to look better than somebody with great
genetics who sits on his ass all day and
does nothing for the most part all right
let's get started well let's start with
the most obvious one if you have myin
deficiencies if you have polymorphisms
in your phaen Gene active andb receptors
anything that has to do with the my
Statin pathway obviously that's Saiyan
SL broadly genetics case is closed
everything that has to do with muscle
growth muscle hypertrophy balls down to
the Myan pathway watch my huge playlist
on myat if you want more details next
naturally high testosterone levels if
you have naturally elevated tone levels
without having to do much that's going
to put you in hanma genetics believe it
or not that's not going to put you at
the top it's not going to put you in uh
broadly saying genetics and I'm going to
explain why later on so high Baseline
testosterone levels great but like I
always say it's not all about
testosterone it's about your net
Androgen status especially your Androgen
receptor sensitivity and density
remember you could have 2,000 nanogram
per death ler testone levels but if your
enogen receptors don't work you
literally come out looking like a woman
and I'm not exaggerating next if you
have a skinny fat body right if you're
naturally skinny fat I'm sorry but that
puts you in smigo genetics right that is
by far the worst phenotype for anyone
trying to maximize muscle growth but
remember like like I always say it's not
impossible it just means you're going to
have to train a lot harder and you're
going to have to be a lot more strict
with your diet you're also going to have
to really take your testosterone levels
very seriously because testosterone is
pretty much the antidote for having a
skinny fat body remember guys I was
skinny fat as growing up and I was still
able to reach all of my goals back when
I was bodybuilding I was able to achieve
a six-pack I was able to bench 315 for
reps I was able to squat four5 for reps
I was able to accomplish every single
one of my goals despite having of the
worst genetics ever so do not use that
as an excuse all right next being
naturally skinny believe it or not
that's basic by the way I can't say my
favorite word anymore so that's basic
and word genetics right basic D genetics
um people thought I was going to rank it
lower but no you know believe it or not
being naturally skinny is not a bad
thing in fact a lot of Jack natural
people that I know even the ones that
were hands they were naturally skinny
you know it's actually a blessing
because you don't have to worry about
skinny fat syndrome you don't have to
worry about uh storing body fat in
unwanted places also people who are
naturally skinny naturally have fast
metabolisms again that don't store fat
as much as other people so it's actually
a blessing skinny guys out there be
happy all you got to do is train hard
and obviously eat consistently next
having great insertions believe it or
not that's just basic dude genetics man
there's nothing magical about having
great origens and insertions again all
it does is it makes the muscle that you
actually build look better right but at
the end of the day you still got to
build that muscle another benefit of
having great insertions is even before
you start working out your muscles tend
to pop out right you know they tend to
look better but again that does nothing
to directly contribute to faster muscle
growth it does affect your leverages
though next being good at explosive
Sports so let's say you were good at
explosive Sports when you were younger
or if you already young then right now
then That's hanma genetics right that's
a great sign that you would build muscle
fast mainly because in order to be good
at explosive Sports you need to have the
right proportion the right balance of
type two fast twitch muscle fibers next
being resistant to pain having good pain
sensitivity so that means having the
right balance of your dopamine receptors
your endorphin receptors everything that
involves pain sensitivity which
obviously is largely genetic that is one
of the most underrated traits in
bodybuilding and that goes in the saan
SLB genetics category guys if you're
resilient to pain most people don't even
know that that's a largely genetic trait
but if you're resilient to pain you
could overcome for so many negative
genetics you can build an amazing
Physique in half the time simply because
what no one wants to admit in
bodybuilding is that building muscle is
painful it's not cute it's not fun it is
painful training hard is painful getting
a maximum pump it's painful getting a
maximum stretch it's painful lifting
heavy is painful so those of us who are
out there and able to train consistently
for years I don't care what the rest of
your genetics looks like be happy
because you were blessed with resilience
I can't tell you how many people I know
who actually have good muscle building
genetics ICS but quit lifting simply
because they are very very very
sensitive to paint right they do one set
of bench or one set of squat and they're
ready to go home right and then they
complain about the sess the next day
whereas the rest of us we actually love
the sess so so that's definitely one of
the most underrated aspects of building
muscle next being insulin sensitive
right so that means you can process
carbohydrates better you can eat a crap
ton of carbs and still be ready to go in
the next one to two hours that is a
cheat code right that puts you in Hana
genetics people that are insulin
resistant have a very hard time putting
on muscle for obvious reasons insulin
not only plays a role in shuttling
glucose into the cells but also
shuttling amino acids into the cells for
muscle protein synesis so if you insulin
resistant you got to fix that right the
beauty of it is that again like
everything that's genetic you can make
up for it with proper training proper
diet because everything in life is part
genetic part environment that's also why
I have a no excuse mentality right if
you got screwed in the genetic
Department well you can make up for it
in the environment part next if you have
high High Baseline strength so that
means before you even start working out
you already stronger than most people
then obviously that puts you in h
genetics and that's a sign that you're
going to build muscle fast and mainly
because it shows that you are able to
recruit your high threshold motor units
better than most people which obviously
is going to give you an advantage in
resistance training next if you have
high Androgen receptor sensitivity or
density that is in brole genetics next
to May Statin like I always say that is
by far the most important thing when it
comes to muscle growth it's not your
testosterone levels it's not your
insertions it's not all the other stuff
at the end of the day muscle growth
balls down to Mya pathway and the
Androgen receptor pathway right the
reason why I always preach testosterone
testosterone is mainly because I got to
keep a symble for you guys if I say
Androgen receptor 90% of people have no
clue what I'm talking about but without
the Androgen receptor testosterone is
useless I always use the lock and key
analogy right testosterone is the key
the enogen receptor is the lock and if
you have sensitive en receptors or short
Arc a repeats you have a huge advantage
in life because that means that you can
have very low testone levels and still
have a high net Androgen status that's
why I get so mad when people are like
ohy look this person has low testone
levels but he looks amazing I'm like you
idiot you could have low testosterone
levels but if you have high Androgen
receptor sensitivity you're going to
look better than somebody who has a
thousand anog Grand pest testosterone
but has crappy Androgen receptors and
there's obviously other things involved
but I'm going to avoid all the technical
talk for now next being resistant to
injuries that's another cheat goal that
most people don't talk about if you have
strong tendons good ligaments good
joints you resistant to injuries that's
going to take you a lot further than
somebody who has amazing genetics but
gets injured every other week so I'm
going to put that in Hana genetics right
if you most people don't know that what
separates the best athletes from the
worst it's not all the other things it's
mainly the fact that they have more
endurance they last longer right they
recover from injuries faster they heal
faster
so definitely your cheat Cod next having
an amazing immune system that is one of
the most underrated things in
bodybuilding and fitness in general and
that goes in the Broadley SL saian
category guys the first line of defense
after a workout is your immune system
there is no muscle growth after training
without your immune system not to
mention the obvious fact that if you're
always sick if you're always getting a
cold if every other week you have to
take a visit to the hospital clearly
you're not going to be able to stay
consistent on your training program
you're going to have a horrible diet
you're going to have trash energy all
the time that's one of the factors
that's so underrated in Fitness but
having a strong powerful immune system
is mandatory for building muscle and
sure enough some of the most jacked
people you ever meet rarely get sick and
when they do they recover insanely fast
so the point that they don't even know
that they have an advantage that you
know to them they think it's normal they
have no idea that there are people out
there who literally cannot go one to two
months without getting sick next having
high Baseline satellite cells myonuclei
that puts you in Hana genetics because
at the end of the day testosterone the
Androgen receptor myat all of those
things are useless if they cannot
contribute to DNA transcription and DNA
translation which ultimately is what
muscle growth SL protein synthesises so
the more satellite cells you have at
Baseline or the better your ability to
increase your satellite cell pool and
have them donate the myclear to your
existing muscle fibers the more muscle
you're going to put on next if you have
a high proportion or type two fibber SL
vast fibers then you are in a saian SL
broadly genetics category how big you
look how big you'll eventually get and
how long it'll take until you reach your
genetic limit is largely determined by
the amount of fast twich fibers you
naturally have next your dopamine
receptors everything that has to do with
motivation positive aggression and in
some cases again pain tolerance which I
mentioned earlier that is in Hana
genetics guys believe it or not some
people are naturally more motivated than
others some people are naturally more
aggressive than others some people are
naturally more prone to setting goals
and going after that and again many
genes play a role in that but but mostly
that's controlled by the amount of
damine Transporters receptors and uh
neurotransmitter breakdown enzymes that
the person naturally has right you can
have all the testosterone all the enogen
receptors in the world a great immune
system low my but if your dopamine
receptors are trash if it's hard for you
to get motivated it's going to be hard
for you to maximize your muscle building
potential and believe it or not I know
people like that there's a lot of people
out there with great genetics but who
cannot get motivated for [ __ ] they have
to use so many tactics and so many
tricks just to be able to get up and get
themselves to the gym and trust me they
are so so frustrating to work with
because they have an excuse for
everything but anyway next having a huge
appetite that is so underrated and that
goes at the very top saan SLB genetics
guys building muscle at the end of the
day comes down to having higher protein
sentences than protein breakdown and
being in a caloric Surplus over time and
it is so hard to do that if your
appetite is trash so if you naturally
have a big appetite and there are people
like that there are people who could eat
5,000 calories a day and they think it's
normal whereas you have people like us
who eat 1,500 calories and we fool for
the next two days and sure enough every
Jack person that I met in my life every
natural Jack Person even enhance has
that one thing in common that can eat
guys sometimes I watch videos and I'm
like wait how are people doing 10,000
calorie challenge how how can people eat
10,000 calories meanwhile you got some
people who tap out at 4,000 calories no
matter what you do they will throw it up
right so having a big appetite is a
cheat cold now obviously that comes with
a downside which is if they eat too much
they can't get fat easily right there's
an inverter you curve to everything but
again it's still a cheat goal to have
when a goal is to build as much mass as
possible next having a lot of anxiety
being neurotic right being very prone to
negative emotions being prone to
depression that's obviously NPC genetics
right that is a horrible genetic trait
to have because people that are neurotic
they overanalyze everything right the
anxiety makes them overthink the most
basic things that program hop they can't
stick to anything they asked a billion
questions when the answer is usually the
simplest thing but the good thing is
being neurotic is like all things part
genetic part environment so there's
always something you could do about that
but yeah that's definitely NPC genetics
if you are naturally neurotic next if
you naturally run fast if you naturally
fast Sky again I'm going to put that in
homog genetics simply because that's a
sign that you have high proportion of
fast Tosh muscle fibers and it's also a
sign that you have high Androgen
receptor sensitivity because testone
plays a huge role in false production
which is ultimately what leads to speed
right combined with the right leverages
and insertion and all that stuff but
anyway next having good igf one
receptors everything in the DNA
translation pathway so that's MTO
signaling anything in that pathway the
DNA translation pathway obviously that's
Sayan genetics because you cannot build
muscle without mRNA translation and
that's mainly regulated by the igf1
receptor SL PKA MTO p70 s6k pathway next
if you have a good acting in three
profile right so either r x that's going
to put you in a Hana genetics category
if you don't know what act and3 is you
should know if you watch my videos but
if not look it up it's pretty much the
protein that is inside your muscle
fibers that helps contribute to force
production that helps reduce muscle
damage after training it's also called
the Sprinter Gene for a reason right
because mostly Le sprinters have the
optimal version of the actinin 3 Gene
right and obviously so do most West
African descendants now again you can
still build muscle if you have the XX
version you can still get jacked it's
just going to take a bit longer and it's
going to be a bit harder next having a
fast metabolism that goes in hanma
genetics right is very similar to people
with a big appetite they tend to have a
fast metabolism right so another thing
that have in common is they tend to
sweat a lot right they'll go for a
10minute workout and their shirt will be
drained now of course different things
play a role in that but it's usually
linked to having a fast metabolism
having good thyroid function good T3 low
reverse T3 that is a great genetic trait
to have if you're go to build muscle
fast if not as always you can manipulate
your diet and your training in order to
increase the amount of T3 you produce to
overcompensate for your [ __ ] thyroid
horomone genetics next having high
Baseline muscle mass right having a lot
of muscle mass before you even start
lifting and obviously I use Phil he
because this mother was so jacked before
he even started bodybuilding but
obviously that goes in seean broadly
genetics I don't need to explain why if
you already jacked before you even pick
up a weight and there's a ton of people
like that then you starting the game
right before the boss fight with half of
your weapons already equipped right so
these guys are obviously going to have
an advantage in bodybuilding and in
muscle growth next if you're naturally
good at Endurance Sports whether that's
running even MMA it doesn't matter
anything that requires having good
cardiovascular function obviously that
goes in hog genetics people think for
some reason that being naturally good at
endurance means you're going to have a
hard time building muscle not really
right unless you screwed in other
departments it's actually going to help
you build muscle because you have great
cardiovascular function you have great
blood flow and you have a great immune
system it is very hard to be a good
endurance athlete if your immune system
is trapped so being good at endurance
although that might mean that you nerfed
in a fast St fiber Department again
depending on the person it comes with a
lot more benefits than most people think
I've seen a lot of endurance athletes go
from being fra skinny looking to jacked
out of their mind when they transition
to bodybuilding a lot of my Kenyon
Brothers have that in common as well one
day you see them they look like smeagle
you come back in 3 years when they
transition to bodyb building and it look
like byy and I'm like how did you do
that so do not underestimate the genetic
advantage of being naturally good at
Endurance Sports next being able to
recover faster these are people who
recover extremely fast from training
extremely fast from injuries I mean you
would think they have Wolverine's
healing Factor obviously that's going to
go in San SLB genetics because they'll
be able to accumulate more volume over
time more frequency over time without
having to be nerfed by muscle damage and
a fatigue produces and it also means
that they have a great immune system
since the immune system is at the very
Foundation of recovery next your bone
structure so that's your clavicle length
your weight size the size of your wrist
believe it or not that actually goes in
the basic category because the only
thing that does is it makes the muscle
that you actually build look better so
if you're a competing bodybuilder you in
physique yeah having the optimal weight
structure is going to give you a huge
Advantage um but it's not going to help
you build more muscle than the next
person right it's just going to make the
muscle that you already built look
better the only time your bone struct
structure matters is at the extreme so
if you're very very lanky then obviously
that's going to take you forever to
build a great physique and if you very
very stocky and short then the reverse
supplies right it also plays a big role
in strength because your leverages are
going to be optimized or compromise
depending on your bone structure but
when it comes to building muscle there
is not a strong correlation between your
bone structure and the amount of muscle
that you can build except at the
extremes don't forget that because
obviously the bigger you are the bigger
your bone structure the more muscle you
could put on and obviously the smaller
you are the less muscle you could put on
but that does come with the benefit of
filling out your frame quicker right so
again there's a lot of it depends when
it comes to bone structure but if you're
going to go into bodybuilding then yeah
this will be at the top of the list
because bodybuilding is mainly illusion
the illusion of size and having that V
taper or now it is the X taper so next
if you have androgenic features so very
masculine features from head to toe jiga
chat type [ __ ] right you got the perfect
jaw line you got the clavicles you got
the small waist you got I mean pretty
much everything that makes someone look
like a jiger [ __ ] clone obviously that
goes into the San SL Bradly genetics
category right this person is going to
have on average the ability to put on
muscle as fast as possible why because
having androgenic features is a
reflection of your Androgen receptor
sensitivity and or the amount of testone
levels you produce naturally and
remember testone is needed to upregulate
F Statin which is the number one may
Staten blocker and last but not least in
fact the most important predictor that
you have great muscle building genetics
is if you were able to play Elite level
football whether it's at the high school
level or the college level or the NFL if
you were able to play American football
or rugby at the elite level then that is
the ultimate sign that you have Elite
San bradle genetics both on offense and
on defense The Only Exception is maybe
two or three positions like kicker
punter or even quarterback but so if you
are able to play high level receiver
cornerback linebacker tight end and most
importantly running back you have Elite
muscle building genetics I always tell
you guys you want to find the best
muscle building genetics in the world
look at American football or look at
rugby it is the only sport in the world
where in order to excel you have to have
high Androgen receptor sensitivity High
Baseline testosterone Wolverine healing
Factor fast Twi SL type two fibers low
pain sensitivity High aggression High
dopamine receptors crazy immune system
huge appetite I mean every Factor at the
top of this list applies to Elite
football players and it's not even close
these guys build muscles so fast that
some of them actually have to be careful
not to put on too much muscle let that
sink in imagine being so genetically
blessed that your worry is putting on
too much muscle and sure enough when you
look at professional bodybuilding a lot
of the bodybuilding Legends actually
play high level football in high school
or college in fact a lot of them were
not even good enough to make it to the
NFL because they were lacking some of
the factors here so long story short you
want to find genetic freaks go look at
the NFL all right guys hope this video
helps don't forget to like And subscribe
and grab a copy of the ebook if you want
to support the channel I'm out of here
