hey guys what's going on Megan here here
are the top five most dangerous signs
that you have low testosterone and that
you should quickly start making changes
to your lifestyle your nutrition and
your training
number one the biggest sign of low
testosterone is an increase in anxiety
and an increase in fear
and this can happen extremely fast
because one of the effects that
testosterone has on the brain
specifically the amygdala is that it
reduces fear it reduces anxiety
which is why on average men are a lot
more confident than women
and men have lower instances of
neuroticism and anxiety than women the
reverse is also true when you inject
women with testosterone
very very quickly their levels of
anxiety goes down the same thing
obviously applies to man as well when
men's testosterone levels go up the
anxiety goes down the fear goes down and
thus their overall confidence increases
so testosterone has very very powerful
effects on fear and anxiety in fact
there's a ton of research out there that
are actually suggesting that people
should use testosterone as an
antidepressant or as a way to reduce
anxiety obviously you guys know I don't
agree with that I don't think you should
inject testosterone to your system
unless you fit into the three categories
that I always talk about but that's the
topic for a different video so number
one one of the biggest signs that you
have low testosterone activity it
doesn't have to be testosterone levels
could be testosterone activity because
remember you could have high
testosterone levels and low testosterone
activity mainly through high shpg high
cortisol low Androgen receptor density
or high conversion of testosterone into
other into other compounds but once
again one of the biggest signs of low
testosterone is is Extreme chronic
anxiety every little thing scares you
you're afraid to approach people you're
afraid you're afraid to take risks
you're afraid to obviously not just
approach the opposite sex but you're so
afraid to start conversations with
members of the same sex obviously
there's also some genetic components
there's some environmental components
but testosterone plays a huge role in
this don't just blame it on oh I'm an
introvert oh I'm gonna no no if you have
low testosterone get that [ __ ] fixed fix
your diet fix your sleeping fix your
lifestyle because that's always going to
paralyze you in life and keep in mind
this is not only true for humans this is
also true for animals when animals are
injected with testosterone their
confidence goes up their fear and
anxiety goes down they've done it on
rats they've done it on prime age it's
the same outcome every time and it makes
sense think about it the main function
of testosterone is to help you have sex
it's to help you pass on your genes and
in the wild you're not going to pass on
your genes unless you're willing to
compete unless you're willing to take
risks unless you're willing to go out
into the wild but not only you have to
compete with members of the same sex but
yourself to compete with Predators
remember back in the days in order to go
out there and look for a mate you also
had to expose yourself to significant
race from predators
it's not just about competing with
members of the same sex it's also about
competing with predators and it's
impossible to do that if your anxiety
levels are high so that is why
testosterone evolved it's so that
animals not only have the ability to
pass on their genes but they have the
mental capacity to push through
obstacles and actually do it number two
the second sound of a little
testosterone is very very low desire to
compete again if you're not always
competing if you're not always trying to
improve yourself if you're not always
trying to win today in society I know in
today's society that's looked at as a
bad thing but no that's actually the
opposite if you're not always competing
if you're not always trying to improve
yourself you know I always trying to win
and get ahead of life that's one of the
number one signs of low testosterone why
because once again when testosterone
goes up competitive Behavior goes
through the roof again it's the same in
animals it's the same in humans which
are obviously animals
but I have to make that distinction
because some people think humans are not
animals but long story short how
competitive are you do you wake up in
the morning and just turn on the TV stop
playing video games start looking
through your phone or do you wake up and
are you constantly thinking of ways to
improve yourself that's one of the
number one signs of high Androgen
activity
people with high testosterone are always
competing for status that is literally
what testosterone does in regions of the
brain irregardless of culture so you
could go to any country any continent
whatever the value system is in that
place people will hide testosterone are
always going to try to be number one at
it it doesn't have to be fighting it
doesn't have to be physical it could be
mental you name it there's so many
experiments on this testosterone
drastically increases competitive
Behavior and the reverse is also true
competitive Behavior leads to the
biggest increases in testosterone that
we've seen in the literature today so
once again we evaluate yourself how
often do you compete how often do you
try to improve yourself what do you do
on an average day do you just wake up
and look through your phone or are you
constantly trying to improve mentally
financially physically spiritually if
not then that's a sign of very low
testosterone activity the third sign of
low testosterone is a reduced sex drive
very very very low sex drive today's
society has the backwards trying to help
man to be a aimed about their sex drive
and it's no Fab see my retention
[ __ ] guys if you study the
literature and you work with clients
one-on-one one of the number one thing
that's consistent across the board is
that men with high testosterone uh
notoriously honey they are constantly
thinking about clapping cheeks they are
constantly thinking about sex they can't
help it and the same thing is also true
in animals during mating season when
testosterone goes to the roof animals
are horny as [ __ ] so being extremely
horny is actually a sign of very high
Androgen activity obviously you also
need a little bit of astronaut for that
to happen but after that comes from
testosterone so my points of stance
which is another reason why I'm so
against the cement retention to the no
fat movement because they have it
backwards yes if you're addicted to porn
obviously that's bad but once again
addiction to anything is bad
but if you're a healthy young male or
healthy male in general and you are
constantly thinking about sex and you
want to be me beat your goddamn meat as
long as you're not doing it excessively
as long as you're not constantly doing
it throughout the day and jacking up
relaxing left and right you are fine
humans have evolved to do that humans
have been doing this since the beginning
of time and there's so much science
backing this up that's why there are so
many studies showing that testosterone
goes up when people are masturbating
testosterone goes up when people are
watching porn yes there are studies on
that the only downside is when you
constantly masturbate because now you're
constantly elevating prolactin so once
again one of the biggest signs of low
testosterone is to decrease sex drive
that's also why older men on average
massively less than younger man it's not
because older men are doing nofap no
when you look at the questionnaires they
literally tell the urologist that they
have no desire to have zero sex drive
meanwhile the guys who are higher
testosterone are constantly fapping in
fact I could make a separate video about
the studies that actually show that men
who are always masturbating have
significantly higher testosterone levels
than men who don't and that's common
sense it is the high testosterone that
makes them masturbate their high
testosterone that makes them seek out
sex and if they can get it through a
mate great when they can't they're fat
another way you could look at this is
again using common sense if fapping and
masturbation lower testosterone then
eventually men who masturbate will stop
masturbate because guess what as
testosterone goes down they will lose
sex drive
so yeah now we're back to square one
that would lose sex drive and they would
lose the desire to fap but that's not
what we see it's actually the other way
around men who masturbate have higher
testosterone levels than men who don't
and once again it is those high
testosterone levels that make them
constantly masturbate moral of the story
no it's not saying to go out there and
watch porn all day long and be your
middle all day long I have a video
saying that that's also bad for you no
the goal is to have a healthy sex life
find a partner clap her cheeks date be
active if on some days you come home in
the booty beat your meat don't let
nobody get you into doing that I've
already exposed no five and signatures
for so many times but watch my videos if
you do the fourth dangerous sign of low
testosterone is reduce desire to take
risks and that also ties into number one
right because low testosterone lays so
low
confidence high anxiety High fear people
who low testosterone are also afraid to
take risks so evaluate your life how
often do you check risks how often do
you approach people how often do you
want to start businesses how often do
you
go it doesn't have to be skydiving I'm
using this as an extreme example but how
often do you take risk because one of
the primary effects of testosterone by
acting on the amygdala is once again
reducing fear increasing dopamine which
leads to the individual taking
significantly more risk and if you look
at Evolution it makes plenty of sense in
rats in monkeys and gorillas and chimps
they needed high testosterone to make
them go and take those risks so that
they can get the ultimate reward in life
which is passing on the genes number
five the fifth biggest analog
testosterone is reduced energy if you
constantly tired chronically tired and
this is before caffeine right obviously
caffeine is going to sense conflicting
signals but if you're constantly tired
before taking caffeine then that's a
huge sign of low testosterone why
because once again high testosterone
leads to huge increases in dopamine huge
increases energy because dopamine
eventually converts to know adrenaline
in the U.S norepinephrine
and that obviously converts to
epinephrine or adrenaline if you know UK
right so high testosterone leads to high
red blood cells high energy High double
mean high no adrenaline High adrenaline
High nitric oxide production increased
blood flow a bigger stronger heart and
all of those things are going to give
you god-like levels of energy so if
you're not always energized that's one
of the biggest signs that you have low
testosterone and remember you don't even
want to have one of these five symptoms
because these are the top five most
dangerous ones you don't even have you
don't even want to have one of those if
you do again fix your nutrition fix your
lifestyle fiction your exposure to
facial environment and increase your
testosterone levels naturally you don't
need to spend a lot of money to do this
no you don't need to go on trt just
clean up your lifestyle and trust me
testosterone will change your life try
to increase your total testosterone to
at least 700 ideally you want it to be
higher between 700 to a thousand or more
and obviously try to lower your hhpg so
that your free testosterone is also High
because ultimately that's what matters
try to have your free testosterone
between at least 150 Pokemon per
milliliter that's also 15 nanogram but
that's a liter to ideally as high as 200
or 300 pocket Ram per milliliter which
is 20 to 30 nanogram per deciliter
that's when you're going to have the
full benefits of testosterone and
obviously keep your stress levels low
because your testosterone is high but
you also increase stress cortisol and
testosterone are going to compete with
each other and pretty much cancel each
other out alright guys hope this video
helps see you on the Discord see you in
the Reddit post your questions there
come join us in Iraq grow together
improve as brothers and dominate your
life team through the alpha dominance
discipline Direction I'm out here all
right guys don't forget to like or share
the video subscribe and hit the bell and
by my HSB nucleus of a little training
program she also made program for
maximum muscle growth it includes full
body workout splits bro splits push-pull
home workouts you name it also comes
with a complete guide for macros
nutrition fat loss monster growth
hormones including a meal plan it's
pretty much all my 16 years of
experience condense into one [ __ ]
book you're also going to get free
copies of any future tradition so visit
team3dalpha.com and you can use the 40
off coupon code nucleus overload or you
could just buy the share full price all
right guys I'm out of here
