he got the sub smegan here so this
distance exercising me and Marco
stumbled upon stumbled upon tripping
balls and a man they said the size is so
great for you back i mean i'm recording
this the day after and the dumb I've
never had this much thumbs up my back
I'm subbing trainer I mean it's
ridiculous it's not paying like you know
like you know you angel to some
it's just a great feeling of man I felt
every muscle in my back activated and
it's all we did you know like we you
guys know I believe that the stretch
part of a movement is my bone and
contraction we put that to the test monk
was pushing out as hard as you can and
I'm trying to hold it with my lads my
back my long boys my teres major minor
my back was quick to stress after that
also guys tried out to be safe over do
it know your limit and boy this works
great she be flapping here a test in
reference to the bird experiment that we
got this front want to put a link to the
video so you got home and told him all
right guys come out
you
