hey guys gonna know Megan here 10
reasons why your recovery sucks so I'm
gonna start a video what I received
three points right a fact problem in a
solution fact volume is the number one
driver of our trophy period you don't
believe that watch my other video on
what progressive overload is miss
supplied by blah blah link is in a
description or should be on the screen
now the problem with that is that our
recovery dictates volume a lot of people
can be covered from hi weekly volumes
and when I said problem I'm always refer
to weekly volume not precession I'm so
most people like hey I can't recon from
that I'm not most value and what do I do
and that brings us to the solution which
is really and I've been saying this for
years people are not overtraining
they're just under recovering right is a
huge difference right your ability to be
covered they take the amount of volume
you should do I'm gonna show you guys
top ten reasons why your ability to
recover sucks
oh and body builder of the day is my man
Victor Martinez guys I'll just pick a
random by to Google for my favorite list
so let's get to it
number one reason its calories everyone
is obsessed with six-packs and I can't
[ __ ] stand it I get if you never had
a six pair before something it's ago
that you wanna you want to reach but
once you reach that goal move on
you're never gonna maximize your genetic
potential as far as muscle mass goes if
you constantly obsessing about your
six-pack you have to eat guys a lot of
guys the number one reason why your
recovery sucks is because a lot of
people are eating way below domani
calories that a full-grown male needs
you know to survive let alone just to
recover you know so you got anything
either carries effector hormones it's a
stands from your leptin your caller so
on and so forth your performance your
sleep and your micros does believe it
now when you restrict any calories too
much you're also getting less vitamins
and minerals so micros sleep performance
almost all these things I affected by
the caloric intake you just gotta eat
more as as simple as it sounds
next protein again guys protein has too
many uses muscle building liver
metabolism your gut means suppose you
mean immune system your
neurotransmitters glucose enzymes bone
skin hair nails blood homos I've
mentioned that several videos and I call
protein a whole because your body uses
it for so many different things and
began most people are not getting enough
protein mainly because they either on a
heavy heavy caloric deficit so they can
protein and like I said in previous
videos if you balking if you don't put
on muscle you actually don't need to go
overboard on protein because you're
getting enough carbs and fats right so
your body has no need for
gluconeogenesis
but most people again on severe caloric
deficits and they're not getting enough
protein and your recovery is gonna
suffer if you're not getting enough
protein and I will do an hour's mention
at 3 grams right your body needs 3 grams
of new protein a day right new protein
synthesized to put on a pound of muscle
a month something about if you're not
putting on a pound of muscle to mom that
automatically means that your body's not
synthesizing 3 grams and a poet in a day
so what's the point of eating over 200
grams of people at eating 100 150 200
grams of protein a day and it's not
going to cause muscle building why
because most of the time the clerk
deficit is way too big oh they just not
get enough protein
all right and I goes back to the calorie
problem next calls again carbs are gonna
affect able to recover glycogen
synthesis can take days guys depend on
her you know - your workout was and
again most people are cutting the cops
sulo or again they're eating to shoot
calories so they're not getting enough
carbs so we planners that glycogen to
fuel an accession so again you're not
overtraining if your carb intake is
structure you know not to mention that
comes up to performance energy your
thyroid t3 hydration you know pulling
water into the cells your hormones
colder so all these things are
influenced by your carbohydrate intake
next water again water to me not just
lean facts it's the single most
important thing remember your body 60%
water muscle is 70 to 80 percent water
right at most the reason why people
forget that people should forget that
your muscle is not 70% protein is 70%
water and 90 percent of my clients are
you know if not just clients family
members friends are not getting enough
water let alone people that train hard
you gotta focus on your water and say
guys it is so crucial it's not optional
right affection performance I mean so
many things so many things so increase
your water intake or your recovery is
gonna suffer
next your micros right and this is also
on you know most important ones the
vitamins the minerals people think for
some reason that the micros are optional
oh it's optional I'll just get a
what about a man you know here and there
whenever I feel like it no if your goal
is a pack on muscle and you in the gym
all the time you need even more vitamins
and I was any Irish person quad the
vitamin was up with your hormones
digestion your immune system your
inflammation I helps reduce it your
energy metabolism on and so forth
alright and the top five that most
people are deficient in when I look at
the diets is magnesium potassium the
vitamin B family vitamin C and calcium
those are the top five iron minerals
that most people are deficient in right
and of course you may get to reach
people think for some reason that Omega
3s are optional they're not optional
guys your body cannot synthesize them
and again they help with inflammation
and help of protein synthesis and
sensitivity right which is gonna help
obviously your body absorb carbs and
protein alright people think that
insulin is only for carbohydrates it's
also for protein brain function well I'm
depressed I feel like [ __ ] and you look
at the diet and not be getting them you
know don't make it threes along with
other things
Omega threes up you sleep which is
coming up soon in another reason why
vegans or people who switch to a vegan
diet not like a promoter bed people
super being that we don't want a lot of
them experience improvements in certain
aspects of their health it's not because
it's something magical about appliances
because of the vitamins and minerals
that we're not getting before right so
god optimizing my clothes or even
thought we would suffer next sleep sleep
is the most anabolic factor out of
almost everything I mentioned alright
and I go for this my class Sunday I
always well it's one of crusher's always
asked how did you sleep this week
alright water and sleep I don't play
with right sleep is one of the most if
not the most anabolic part you know
somebody who's training hard was on a
build muscle right now only a growth
hormone is produced while you're
sleeping right 75 percent of it's
obviously gonna you know impact your
igf-1 and things like that
it's a start someone everyone already
knows that satellite cells people forget
especially if you don't look this over
low and trying to increase the satellite
cells sleep world of fab you satellite
cell activity you know and the prison
stories I was mentioned you know my
friend who got locked up when he came
out he told me he says the amount of
sleep that these [ __ ] get is
insane you know that's what a lot of
them without steroids put on so much
mass they have nothing to do but train
asleep all day and they get a ton of
sleep it's honestly right babies right
the time of your life when you're
growing the most which is when you're an
infant when your baby what do you do
babies do nothing but [ __ ] slowly
feel parent you know what I'm talking
about it's not a coincidence sleep and
graphical handy net all right and again
nobody sleeps anymore right social media
to pull up all night of sleep until
their phones or playing video games a
full night all night you gotta sleep
guys that's really gonna influence your
ability to recover so don't sell me that
oh that's too much volume when you sleep
in three hours a day right
sunlight one of the most underrated
aspects when it comes to just being
healthy in general let alone building
muscle you got in this thing up again
vitamin D is not is not a vitamin and so
home almost people notice by now just
the name stuck and again it's
responsible for it 900 change I'm gonna
make a whole separate video on vitamin D
because it is so so crucial house with
bone again customers option must support
the senses myostatin testosterone leptin
okay - that's what I mean everything no
sex hormone-binding globulin androgen
receptors all of these things need
vitamin D to be optimize your leptin
which is response for your energy
metabolism your insulin resistance in
fact saris are shown that you know
sunlight or vitamin D is laying more 2
diabetes than obesity
now again cancer DNA damage dopamine
which is gonna forget your energy your
motivation your question start owning
but you're gonna affect your mood people
say oh I don't feel like training I feel
like [ __ ] no people don't have people
are not getting enough sunlight oh wait
oh a vitamin D you know remember your
body needs bottom again these things are
not optional everything I'm listing now
these are mandatory things and
statistics show 75% of black and brown
people are deficient in vitamins that is
huge in vitamin E again we're not
getting as much sunlight
everybody's indoors and if you black of
course that's what when I when I my
one-on-one clients and people have
purchased our programs one of the
questions is how much you know how dog
is your skin does that it's gonna
influence the amount of vitamin D that I
recommend and again I'm not a [ __ ]
doctor um but this definite thing that
you guys should check out you know when
you visit the doctor check your vitamin
D levels
it's too [ __ ] crucial all right any
any fear if your skin is dog you need
even more alright 30 minutes up to 3
hours because we have melanin right so
if you
ken is not his dog don't go I think a
skin cancer right do some research speak
with your doctor but the recommendation
is usually 10 or 30 minutes a day if you
know for white people and 30 minutes or
more for [ __ ] like myself all right
next is that's wrong
alright so ya know for you guys sunlight
or vitamin D helps a lot with recovery
and it's not optional
testosterone I'm not even gonna go into
the stats everyone by now Chanel chronic
declining to start soon as you get older
one in every four [ __ ] you meet
have low testosterone and that's not
cute that's not something that's just
you know again optional or something no
it's so important because unless you
believe it on the rock to start
something responsible for so many things
lowering my stat and increasing your
strength your bone density proteins and
satellite cell activation
you drop your motivation you know again
to dopamine your mood you know starts
running transporting stuff some
increases those yeah your energy you
know red blood cells dopamine you know
the better receptors I made a video
about that
you want to start when you have the
molecule on the receptor you haven't on
you in your fat cells so you can
actually burn more fat mobilize more
more fatty acids your insulin
sensitivity right for the absorption of
carbs and amino acids your appetite just
have some clues your appetite which
allows you to eat more and recover
better from workouts growth hormone
igf-1 blah blah blah and why is it so
low there are host of reasons but the
top five is sleep people are getting
enough sleep people not getting off
calories and trust me yes calories play
a huge role it's a social production
right people not getting enough vitamins
mainly zinc and magnesium and you know
things like that but vitamins and
minerals one of our survivors I'm
referring to the whole package and again
son like I mentioned and competition
people just don't compete anymore
no society starting man into a bunch of
[ __ ] why were everything that used to
increase at the stars all that was
competing trying to increase their
social status all those things are now
frowned upon so men are going back into
pretty much you know becoming a bunch of
[ __ ]
but that's a whole separate video don't
get me into that yet and finally you
know I'm so reset like people have to
reset guys and I made a lot of views
about this am I gonna make you know
spent on someone's topic you need to
take breaks from the jam guys not just
do we say um soul but to reset your
androgen receptors as well right
the longer you've been training
especially if you claim
back-to-back-to-back-to-back eventually
your body desensitizes itself to those
factors protein sentences goes down
protein transcription goes down DNA
transcription goes down right so i
recommend every four to six weeks you
gotta take at least one week off from
the gym every four to six weeks you can
make it a deal load week just don't go
to failure don't lift heavy you know if
you really want to go to the gym but you
gotta take breaks cos that's gonna help
you recover you mentally and finally
this is actually family stress manage
stress cars avoid negative people right
good vibes only for negative people or
negative situations calm me I'm a huge
economy I love to laugh you know me I
love to laugh people that make me laugh
are like my best friends if you came
here me laugh get the [ __ ] out of my
face right so comedy music music helps
write meditation believe it or not right
in the morning it could be two three
maybe five minutes right clear your mind
good vibes only when I say conclusion
guys make a daily routine consisting of
all those things I'll just mention right
so at the end of the day you can
actually see hey you know did I complete
everything on this list you know try to
aim for 80 to 100 percent completion
those things are not optional guys this
is mandatory you want to improve your
recovery you have to focus on these
types and things okay recovery is king I
say guys let me know what you thought
about the video like it just get it to
[ __ ] I don't know two thousand likes
subscribe to my [ __ ] hit the bell so
that you don't miss out on videos email
me for one-on-one coaching HSP training
programs all meal plans and let me know
in the comments what you guys thought
about the different pictures of Victor
Martinez what do you think I personally
think that he should have won a 2007
Miss Olympia I push a lot of people
share that opinion but coming be a
liminal you guys thought and see you
guys in the next video peace
