and enough with this main gaining
nonsense
hey guys what's going on megan here all
right so today is monday so let's answer
questions on the reddit
related to
muscle growth maximization all right so
let's look at this question here this
one really upset me but again you know
it's probably a beginner and um a lot of
people need to hear this macros ratios
for main gaining that's why i freaking
hate that word
right you mean body recomposition right
but anyway i'm 17 180 centimeters 66
kilos right so translation for us
americans so it's about 5 10 145 pounds
he says i'm going to do main gaining
through the summer what macro ratios
would you recommend right you can see my
answer here right you are 5 10 145
pounds that means even if we assume
you're at 10 body fat so i'm making up a
body fat percentage i'm being generous
because it's probably more than 10
percent
um that gives you an f for my of only 18
at best you have zero business main
gaining you need to [ __ ] claim bulk
right someone your height should weigh
around at least 190 at 15 percent body
fat right and that that's roughly your
effort from around 22. right so i'm sick
of this work right because keep in mind
guys first of all again it's called body
composition right and the only people
that should be thinking of doing recon
because people who have a very high body
fat and have enough muscle in them then
you can go ahead and try to recomp
right but when you
5 10 145 pounds what are you doing
right what do you mean body composition
you need to put on muscle you need to go
on a clean buck right you don't have to
dirty bug but you need to clean book you
need to bulk right i am sick of this
generation thinking that
you're gonna magically build a crap ton
of muscle while eating a maintenance
that's not gonna happen right you're
gonna build some muscle of course don't
get me wrong but it's gonna be such a
slow
slow journey
right and i'm all about getting the most
bang for your buck right babe return on
investment if you're gonna watch what
you eat track your macros strike your
micronutrients go to the gym do high
volume high frequency training
progressively overload and do all this
painful [ __ ] then you better at least
build muscle at a decent rate
right
main gaining right recon being you're
going to build muscle at such a slow
rate that it's not worth it again unless
you vary obesity very obese then you
need to obviously cut or depend on your
situation depending on how you look or
where you store your body fat you could
think of main gaining right or like i
said another group of people that can
maintain that can't do body composition
or people who already have a ton of
muscle in them and they just got a
little fluffy you know they put on some
fat they got lazy ate too many donuts
right and they got a little tired around
the midsection well guess what they have
enough muscle to recomp but when you
weigh this little for your height you
need to pack on muscle before you even
think of going through a body
composition phase right you guys are so
obsessed with being shredded
and and lean which again is ridiculous
if you're natural that you're so scared
to clean bug because you want to look
like your favorite influencer who's on a
[ __ ] ton of roids or tlt right and
there's a reason why they're on tlt or
roids right it's because they know that
they cannot maintain that physique
naturally so please for the love of [ __ ]
do not man gain do not recomp bulk right
obviously clean bug right don't put on
too much [ __ ] fat but you need to
bulk because again for your height you
need to weigh at least 180 190 pounds
and you're not gonna get there through
body recomposition right because you'll
be eating at maintenance how the [ __ ]
you're gonna eat at maintenance and
eventually get up to 190. now of course
it's not gonna happen overnight right
it's gonna take you some time to get to
that way but which is why you want to
slowly clean bulk up to a heavier weight
and then eventually
cut down to 190 and try to keep 15 body
fat right it's gonna take it's gonna
take a long time right it's gonna take
at least two years right one and a half
to two years depending on how dedicated
you are and obviously depending on how
good your genetics are but you need to
clean bug and as far as macros again you
need to eat macros for your height and
for your goal weight right since you so
on the weight i would say protein at
least 180 to 190 grams
right i'm always going to put protein on
the high side for a million different
reasons because it's always better to
have more protein than not enough so in
your case you're not using one gram per
pound of body weight right because
you're way too little right 145 pounds
right and if you're doing food by the
workouts you already know this watch my
video on that you need more protein
anyway right than if you were doing bro
split so for your situation you want to
set your macros based on your goal
weight which is again around 190 180. so
190 grams of protein about 20 to 30
percent of your calories from fat all
right if you just have some levels of
low then try to aim for about 30 maybe
even 40 calories from fat
and obviously the rest uh from carbs
right and as far as your total calories
again it depends on your activity level
i don't have enough information here to
tell you how many calories you should
eat because it really depends on your
tdee and again your activity level blah
blah blah how frequently you train but
pretty much
you know eight out of 300 to 500 caloric
surplus above your maintenance
and use the macro
uh pointers that i gave you right but
you should definitely clean bug and
enough with this man getting nonsense
all right guys hope the video helps post
your questions in the reddit make sure
that you read the rules before posting
so that you do not get your comment
deleted alright i'm outta here all right
guys don't forget to like or share the
video subscribe and hit the bell and buy
my hsp nucleus of a little training
program it's the ultimate program for
maximum muscle growth it includes full
body workout splits bro splits push-pull
home workouts you name it also comes
with a complete guide for macros
nutrition fat loss muscle growth
hormones
including a meal plan it's pretty much
all my 16 years of experience
condensed into one [ __ ] book you're
also going to get free copies of any
future edition so visit team3d alpha.com
and you can use the 40 off coupon code
nucleus overload or you could just buy
this [ __ ] at full price all right guys
i'm out of here
