so it has a double the growth in six
weeks in half the time
so in this study from 2017 they compared
two groups of guys one group did three
sets of tricep downs 90 second rests in
between four total of five minutes while
the other group just did a triple drop
shot so that's one set of about 12 reps
followed by two drop sets with about two
to three second rest in between so the
total workout took them about two and a
half minutes so three standard sets
compared to a single triple drop set and
the results the normal sad group
increased their muscle growth by five
percent meanwhile the drop side group
increase their muscle thickness by ten
percent so it has a double the growth in
six weeks in half the time drop sets are
legendary guys hey guys what's going on
megan here alright so back to the study
again the first group three sets 90
second resting between each set so
pretty much the standard bodybuilding
protocol compared to the
drop set group which once again did
three sets the only difference is it was
one set followed by
uh
two drop sets right and obviously the
rest period in between was less than
three seconds right they rested long
enough
for the person who was overseeing the
study to drop the weight by about 20
right so in short this workout took only
about two and a half minutes
while the workout on the left took about
five minutes total right these were
untrained men and the goal was to see
if the protocols would result in equal
muscle growth or not and sure enough
the standard set the standard group
which did the basic three sets of 12
what about a minute and a half in
between each set
increase their csa cross-sectional area
by about five percent which was typical
for a six-week study most six-week
studies are gonna result in about a five
percent growth
meanwhile the drop-set group doubled
that now again it wasn't statistically
significant because it's obviously a
small sample size but this is not the
first time that we see
results like this in a drop set study in
studies that compare drop sets to normal
sets right most of the time the drop
side group either does slightly more or
equal to the normal set group which is
still remarkable because
the drop set group always does it in
half the time right sometimes 70 less
time and that's exactly why i've been
very very very consistent with my
recommendation of drop sets year after
year after year if you look at my
program on pump day and stretch day
especially in weeks two three and four
you're doing a lot of drop sets right
now again there's nothing wrong with
standard sets there are some exercises
where you just you just can't do drop
shots right either because it's not time
efficient or it's too dangerous right
but whenever you're doing something like
cable press downs um side laterals
anything that is safe not dangerous um
isolation movements guys if you're not
doing drop sets or rest balls i don't
know what you're doing right because
you're getting
equal growth and in some cases like here
more growth
in half the time now keep in mind this
is only if you actually
do the drop set correctly if you try to
rest uh more than you know again more
than five seconds like in some studies
they try to rest up to 30 seconds if
you're resting 30 seconds
in the but you know within a drop set
it's not a drop set right in fact you
might even have uh less gains right
since you're reducing the weight
substantially right so if you want the
drop set you want to do a drop set
correctly you cannot rest more than five
seconds
by the way guys if you want to save time
in the gym you want to get more bang for
your buck especially in this day and age
where people are busy you have school if
you if you're a college student uh your
family man it doesn't matter right try
to get
same or more
right results in the gym in less time
right that gives you more time to
recover that gives you more time to uh
deal with your life therefore other [ __ ]
that you got going on
right the only time i do straight sets
is on heavy day of hp right so if your
goal is to maximize your strength then
absolutely you want to do uh straight
sets right if your goal is to maximize
your strength so if you're a power
lifter or for whatever reason you want
to maximize your strength
above what you need you should be you
know showing the nervous person then yes
i recommend straight sets
but if your goal is
muscular hypertrophy muscle growth
and you're using a safe exercise an
isolation movement then use drop sets
right or use rest balls right you're
getting
high muscle activation you're getting a
sick pump and speaking of the pump
obviously the drop set group um had a 18
increase
in uh
acute muscle thickness which is not
muscle growth just the pump um after
workout and you guys know i've mentioned
it a million times the acute pumping the
pump you get in the gym from your
workout
is the biggest predictor of future
muscle growth that we have as far as
predictors that you can just look at
right without having to go into a lab
and whatever right
right which is why whenever i'm working
out with anybody or when i'm dealing
with clients i always ask them how is
your pump especially on pump and stretch
date right if your pump is trash now
again you're still going to make
progress but you're not going to
maximize most of your pump is trash uh
it's not a single metric that you can
just look in the mirror to gauge that is
that predictive of muscle growth so the
pump is crucial guys add drop sets to
your routine if you don't get your speed
training my training program it's
already it's already factored and you
don't have to worry about that and as
far as progressive overload goes
obviously as you get bigger and stronger
you're uh you're gonna do more weight on
the first set of drop sets and also
there's some sequin sets right on the
sets after that
anyway hope this video helps see you
guys in the reddit and in the comment
section if you have videos that you want
me to make if you have topics you want
me to make videos about post the
questions in the reddit because i'm
going to be looking at those
and picking the ones with the most
upvotes
to decide future videos alright guys i'm
outta here
all right guys don't forget to like or
share the video subscribe and hit the
bell and buy my hsb nucleus of a little
training program it's the ultimate
program for maximum muscle growth it
includes full body workout splits bro
splits push-pull home workouts you name
it also comes with a complete guide for
macros nutrition fat loss muscle growth
hormones
including a meal plan it's pretty much
all my 16 years of experience
condensed into one [ __ ] book you're
also gonna get free copies of any future
edition so visit team3d alpha.com and
you can use the forty percent off coupon
code nucleus overlord or you could just
buy this [ __ ] at full price alright guys
i'm outta here
