hey guys what going on Megan here here
are the top 20 physical signs that you
have high testosterone based on science
the 2D to 4D ratio I'm going to put that
one at okay why because it's only during
fetal development that this becomes a
reliable measure of testosterone right
after fetal development and especially
after puberty you know there's no longer
traction testosterone levels and for
those who don't know the 2D 4D ratio is
simply a measure of the length of your
pinky compared to your index finger
right so if your pinky is longer than
your index finger then there's a big
chance that during fetal development you
exposed to a lot of testosterone that's
why men have a lower 2D 4D ratio than
women do and that's also why neander
those who were swimming in testosterone
have a crazy crazy low 2D to 4D ratio
all right but remember you can't look at
that ratio as an adult and track your
testosterone levels right if I inject
you with 600 G of testosterone you're 2D
to 4D ratio is not going to move next
acne bad yes obviously it's linked to
testosterone levels testosterone does
play a role in seone production but it
is not a very strong relationship right
perfect example is a lot of women get
acne and you look at the testone levels
you know for the most part are stable
another example is I could put you on
grams of steroids one person is going to
have crazy acne the other person is
barely going to have it right so there's
genetic factors environmental factors
things like that so it's not a good
measure your testone levels I have
clients with super high testone levels
and have zero acne next the length of
your arms right so your wingspan
especially your ape index it's okay
right mainly because yes it is driven by
tassone tassone plays a huge role in
your wingspan which is obviously why men
have a bigger wingspan than women on
average but once again after puberty the
relationship falls off right this is
mainly during puberty before your growth
Place fuse but during puberty yes this
is very very very predictive of
testosterone levels I mean it's also a
reason why ethnic groups and population
that have very very high testosterone
levels also have uh bigger ape indices
you know bigger wingspans on average
next baling bad that is not a strong
predictive to Stone levels it is too
influenced by intracellular five Alpha
reductors which obviously impacts
intracellular DHT and also environmental
factors which is inflammation and diet
and obviously genetics yes to tone
obviously plays a huge role because
without testone you're not going to have
a lot of DHD but there are so many
instances and studies where you inject
people with a crap ton of steroids a
crap ton of testosterone and in some
cases even DHD and they still don't lose
their hair right so there's a genetic
Factor there's an environmental Factor
now again testone obviously plays a role
that's why it's called androgenic
alopecia but it is not a good predictor
of testosterone levels which is what
this video is about remember there's
also a distinction between testosterone
levels in your blood and testosterone
levels in the cells not to mention you
also got to factor Androgen receptor
sensitivity and things like that the
final reason why it's also not a big
predictor of a testost levels is doing
puberty that's when you have the highest
testost levels you'll ever have on
average but yet we don't see teenagers
with their hair falling out left and
right right if that was the case we will
all go bald during puberty when we have
this crazy spike in testosterone next
body hair right chest hair back hair
things like that I'm going to put that
at amazing it's a very good
predictor of testosterone levels mainly
because because it works even after
puberty right even after puberty if I if
you get castrated somebody cuts your
balls off yeah you testosterone levels
will plummet and your body hair will
also drop second reason why it's ranked
higher is because yes it does follow a
dose response relationship with
testosterone right if you inject women
uh with a crap ton of testosterone some
of them will start growing by here uh
the reason why it's not higher again
because obviously testost and the inent
receptor and not the so drivers right
there's also genetics there's DHT five
Alro reductors polymorphisms things like
that next bone density I'm going to put
that at amazing mainly because
yes even after puberty uh Tason does
play a role on bone density it does have
a dose response relationship the only
reason why it's not high is because Asal
also plays a huge role right estrogen in
fact people that have mutations genetic
mutations where they have a lot of
testosterone and no estrogens um tend to
have horrible bone density right so
that's the only reason why it's not
higher is because yes T plays a huge
role but so does extra di next shoulder
width right so how broad your shoulders
are right how long your clavicles are
I'm going to put that at okay mainly
because like I said earlier this is
mainly during puberty after puberty
whether your theung goes up and down
you're not going to see a noticeable
effect on your shoulder width right but
doing Purity yes this would be an I'm
about about to n category right Tas does
increase uh your clavical width next
your bra Ridge see if this was puberty
this would be number about another
category right right this is very very
very strongly correlated with t Stone
levels again during puberty which is the
reason why men have this crazy bra Ridge
so do neander those um whereas women
don't on average but after puberty it no
longer tracks uh your testosterone level
so I'm going to put that at okay in fact
I tell people all the time if you want
to see if somebody has a ton of
testosterone and is sensitive to the
testosterone in his body because
remember you can have a lot of
testosterone but very low testosterone
activity depending of your enogen
receptor sensitivity and your anti-
androgens um look at their bra rid right
especially doing puberty like I said men
that have crazy crazy bra ridges more
often than not during puberty were very
very sensitive to testosterone and also
had a lot of testosterone during that
time uh there's no coincidence that if
you look at most MMA fighters especially
the elite ones that have crazy bra rages
on average again is because during
puberty their body was spitting out to
Stone like crazy and that was sensitive
to it next foot length again if this was
doing puberty it'll be ranked higher but
after puberty testosterone no longer
affects how big your feet are right but
yes testosterone does play a role uh
which is again why men have bigger feet
than women even if you equate for height
and size right Tason plays a big role in
that next your hand grip strength if you
watch my videos you already know where
this is going especially if you keep up
with the scientific literature I'm about
to nut category that is one of the
biggest predictors of your testosterone
levels and your testosterone sensitivity
and your net Androgen status both during
puberty and after puberty right even if
you don't train your grip strength at
all increasing your testosterone levels
significantly will dramatically increase
your grip strength and the reverse is
also true dropping your testosterone
levels keeping everything else equal
will drastically decrease your grip
strength that's why I recommend that
every single man has a dynamometer all
way to track the grip strength because
it is so so goddamn accurate and it's
it's so easy to test too you know you
could literally just do an activity that
drops your T levels instantly and then
squeeze the dynamometer and you'll see a
huge drop in your grip strength and vice
versa you can do an activity that
temporarily shoots up your toyone levels
and you will notice your grip strength
instantly go up right even though your
muscle mass didn't change within those
few seconds very underrated to uh to
track your to Stone levels everyone
should have that and know I'm not
sponsored no I don't have any Amazon
links you guys know that goes against my
Channel's principle so buy one for your
own health for your own good next H size
yes again if this was doing puberty this
would be ranked a lot higher because
theone does affect H size which is once
again while men have bigger hands than
women on average even if they're the
same height and size but after puberty
it no longer plays a role right I can
inject you with 2,000 Gams of roids and
that's not going to make your hands
bigger next how long your feet are right
the length of your feet again though in
puberty this should be higher but after
pbd taso no longer influences the length
of your uh your lower limbs so I'm going
to put that in okay but remember during
puberty higher testosterone activity on
average will link to longer limbs next
how big your shoulders are how big your
shoulders are after training without
training after steroid use without
steroid use amazing testosterone
does play a very very important role in
uh the size of your shoulders mainly
because of all the myonuclei and
androgen receptors that are around the
shoulder area right the reason why it's
not high is because uh my statan also
plays a role rf1 also plays a role it's
not just testosterone that's the sole
driver right there's also a big genetic
component um but all else equal yes men
that are very sensitive to androgens
will on average you know have bigger
Bolder shoulders even if they're trained
the exact same way as the person who
does not same thing with traps the exact
same logic there's a lot of Androgen
receptors in the neck trap and shoulder
area which is why a lot of guys can
train for years have average traps next
thing you know they inject the ton
of roids keep their training the same
and then their traps just blow the
up right a lot of Androgen receptors
there a lot of myclear as well right and
it's not just in humans you see the same
thing in uh animals that have to compete
for mates uh especially Red Deer right
during mating season then nexts and
traps just blow the up right and
it's mainly driven by testosterone once
you castrate them once you get rid of
the testicles and the testosterone drop
s so does the neck and trap region and
if you guys want I could make future
videos explaining the evolutionary
reason behind this but it's mainly
because a combat next nose size yes
there's a big link between testosterone
and how big your nose is which once
again is why men have bigger noses than
women on the average even if they have
the same size and height but once again
after puberty the link disappears so I'm
going to put that in okay but during
puberty absolutely toyone is linked to
how big your nose is as well as same
thing with penis size right how long
your mushroom tip is is strongly linked
obviously to your testosterone DHD anden
receptor sensitivity also rf1 and growth
hormone play a role but once again this
is only during puberty and obviously
during fetal development after that the
link disappears right so if I if you're
to Stone levels go from 300 to 1,000 NR
per deciliter after puberty that's not
going to influence your pis size uh at
least not significantly right maybe just
a little bit but not a lot um but doing
puberty or if you're female obviously
then yeah when women transition or when
they get injected with a lot of
testosterone obviously the clitoris
starts to to grow for those of you guys
who don't know your penis is pretty much
a clitoris right it's doing fetal
development that when Stone goes up and
I can make a video explaining you know
how the body changes during F
development but long story short yes
your penis is pretty much a clitoris
that was tur into a penis doing uh fetal
development under the action of
testosterone and and uh activation of
the S SOI Gene and things like that
right especially DHT right and again
that's mainly because DHT activates the
inen receptor better uh so I'm going to
put that okay for the reasons I
mentioned next muscle mass I'm going to
put that at amazing for the same
reasons I mentioned earlier right after
puberty obviously there's a dose
response relationship between
testosterone and muscle mass the only
reason why it's not higher is because
again other genes play a role such as my
Statin F Statin active and 2B receptor
things like that right and obviously I
drift one as well uh but obviously it's
going to be amazing since even
if you don't work out being injected
with massive amounts of steroids or
anything that activates anden receptor
such as Psalms will increase your muscle
mass right so it's a good reliable way
to measure testone activity Androgen
receptor sensitivity is just by looking
at your muscle mass whether you train or
not obviously if you train you're just
going to take it to the next level but
you get the point next this one is very
underrated surprisingly but speed
sprinting speed I'm a that category yes
there is a very very strong relationship
between testerone mainly Androgen status
so that includes the gain DHT and your
enogen receptive sensitivity and how
fast you are which is why once again
even if you equate for size training
height weight muscle mass and length men
consistently destroy women uh when it
comes to sprinting right just look at
the records you know men destroy the 100
meter sprint like it's nothing right
they destroy the female record in high
school in college and again it's the
same reasons as hand grip strength right
Tason plays a very powerful role in your
ability to recruit fast s muscle fibers
in your ability to flood them with
calcium in your action potentials again
I could make a whole video on the role
that Tason plays in strength independent
of muscle mass right so not only Tason
increases the muscle mass but even if
you remove that pathway theas one still
has indirect roles in power output so
yes if you increase your Tes Stone
levels dramatically you will notice an
increase in speed obviously simply
because you're able to recruit uh your
high threshold motor units better even
if your muscle match stays the same now
you're not going to turn into your same
Bol but you get the point next your
jawline right that square jawline that
facial structure again I'm going to put
that at okay simply because it dies off
after puberty right the reli ship falls
off during puberty absolutely very high
toyone levels High DHT High Reep the
activity is definitely going to give you
that I mean that's why it's called a
masculine face right it's going to give
you that crazy jawline that so many of
us wish we had um but uh after pbd nope
no more link next strength again I'm
about to not category for the reasons I
explained earlier testosterone directly
increases motor unit Recruitment and
this happens very fast within seconds to
minutes so many experiments on this and
again this is independent of muscle mass
even if you keep muscle mass the same
increasing testosterone will increase
your power output and your strength and
decreasing your testosterone intraday
even within seconds right meaning your
muscle obviously didn't change right
you're not going to lose muscle mass in
seconds um decreasing testosterone will
decrease your strength instantly next
your testicle size that's actually a bad
predictor of testosterone levels right
because in fact I mean just think about
it look at bodybuilders right if you
inject a crap ton of steroids your balls
actually strength even though you
swimming in estrogens right testicle
size is mainly affected by pituitary
output right so mainly FSH does the
stone play a role absolutely I'm not
saying it doesn't play a role but it's
not as big as most people think it is
right you could have huge balls even
after puberty and low tassone levels and
you could have high tassone levels and
small or decent sized balls right so the
relationship is there but it's a weak
relationship FSH and how sensitive your
balls are to FSH is uh one of the
biggest predictors of testical size next
jumping ability especially vertical jump
and also long jump
I'm a about's Nut category testosterone
has a very powerful direct effect on
your ability to jump high mainly because
once again testone drastically increases
motor unit recruitment calcium entry
into the cells by a rapid non- genomic
pathway meaning testone is doing this
without even interacting with your DNA
right which is why it happens within
seconds and again that's also why men
destroy women in vertical jump world
records even if you factor in muscle
mass size and last but not least beard
I'm going to put that in amazing
mainly because even after puberty just
Stone still has a role in your bear now
the reason why it's not high is because
you also got a factor in genetics and
DHT and intracellular five Alpha
reductor activity but for the most part
in men and women right if you inject
women with testosterone what happens
right this a lot of them start growing
facial hair um so Tason definitely plays
a direct role in uh beard growth right
and obviously there's an evolutionary
mag Mech ISM at play here which I can
make future videos about and the reverse
is also true if you have a big beard and
then you get castrated you crush it to S
on level to zero you're not going to
lose your entire beard but a lot of it
is going to fall off right the same
thing is sh Lions I think I made a post
about that on Instagram how big and dark
a lion's main is which is almost the
equivalent of the human M beard is
related to the tassone levels if you
capture the lion if you crush Aon the St
one to zero the main completely falls
off and if you increase the alliance the
stone levels their main grows same thing
female lines if you increase the female
lines to S levels she starts to grow a
main right which she pretty badass but
anyway guys that's it don't forget to
subscribe for more like the video share
it to Bago see you in the comments
