hey guys going on Megan here how to find
your AK guy how to find your purpose
your mission your dream job your dream
career this is probably the most
important video you'll ever watch as a
man um so please make sure you have no
distractions make sure you dial the [ __ ]
in because this is going to change
everything uh so for those of guys for
those you guys who don't know you gu is
just a combination of the thing that Bas
an original model cuz I have an updated
version but the original model that the
Japanese came up with was is something
that you enjoy something that you're
good at something you can get paid for
and something that obviously the world
will benefit from right I have an
updated version because that the
original one doesn't didn't really apply
to me I struggled with finding my
purpose when I was younger it was
something that took me years uh to
understand and if you're a man you
probably have the same issue right it's
very very hard to figure out your your
purpose uh especially when you battling
with depression you know like I did and
you uh you have ADHD and you have a of
interest it's so hard to find that one
path right that one career uh so that's
what this video is for right if you f if
you fit into that description if you
struggle with ADHD or too many interests
too many passions depression blah blah
blah uh this is the perfect video for
you right this is lifechanging and I
wish I had that when I was a
teenager right so most of the questions
I get is me how do I find my right we
know it's important it's important for
everything it's important for everything
you're going to do in life it's going to
dictate your friends it's going to
decide your job it's going to decide you
know where you live it's going to decide
everything right so one of the most
important things you can do is find this
out once you find your AK guy you're
going to be miles ahead of the
competition you know uh so the question
I get the most is how do I find it right
normally it should take you less than a
week right usually three days some
people find in an hour as long as you
ask yourself the right questions so here
I'm going to rank 50 different questions
or factors that you can use to help
figure out what your guy is all right
let's get started right so let's start
with the most common thing oh find what
makes you happy right nah this ain't it
right this is not it this is not it
right happiness is a fleeting thing
things that make you happen today will
probably not make you happen in a year
from now as you increase in an income
level as you as you meet people your
happiness the things that make you happy
will change right so trying to use what
makes you happy to pick your yoi guy is
the waste of time right because you're
going to end up finding a path thinking
yeah this is it for me and then year
year two three years later you realize
oh my goodness you know I'm actually
miserable doing this right but now sunos
fallacy is going to kick in and you're
going to be like well I'm already too
deep so let me keep going wrong right we
all going to die one day you want to
make sure that you know you uh you pick
the right path so no do not pick what
makes you happy uh next let's see uh
what women won right obviously come on
man they're saying it right do not pick
your a guy based on what's going to
attract females right no attracting
women should be a byproduct of you
finding your actual a guy right so don't
put the C before the horse next we have
uh your parents right hell no right I'm
going to put this at what the [ __ ]
that's one of the worst things you could
do is pick your ay guy your dream career
or your mission like Bas on what your
parents want guys a lot of times you got
understand and and I know not not all
your parents want the best for you right
A lot of times they want you to pick a
PA that's going to make them feel better
that's going to make them have status
with their peers and whatever oh look my
son is a PhD my son is a doctor my son
is a lawyer you know my daughter is this
my a lot of times they don't care about
what actually is fulfilling for you
right now I'm not saying that's all
parents there's some great parents out
there who will push you uh in any
direction you want to go in right kudos
to you if you have that but most of the
time especially if you come from a a
very very very uh you know cultural
background no they're going to push you
in directions that even even if they
know you hate it right they're going to
push you there just cuz they want to
look better they want to feel better or
whatever right trust me I've spoken with
so many men who had Indian parents
African parents uh [ __ ] I mean even
white parents right it's not just unique
to a race but you know they would push
their kids into things that the kids
hate absolutely hate right but they want
their kid to do it just so that they
could say look my my kid is an engineer
you know [ __ ] you I hate those people
but yeah so do not pick that as a
criteria for picking what's right for
you uh now if you're young right if
you're like freaking a dumbass then yeah
obviously your parents would know better
but you wouldn't be watching this video
either next um let's see let's see your
based on your core values right using
your core values to pick it depends
right it depends on what your core
values are obviously right so it depends
um next using your I no actually the
Gardner intelligence test right so if
you don't know look it up the 8 to n g
intelligences now we talking this is
something that's going to help you find
what we you got is find out which s The
Gardener intelligences you dominant in
and that's definitely going to narrow
things down for you next picking things
based on picking careers or jobs or you
gu based on how easy it is that's not
really helpful right it's not really
helpful you should not use that as a as
a
criteria next we have uh role model
right picking something because your
role model does it and you want to do it
too nah bro they say it right because
you might not have the same
qualifications you might not have the
same genetic strengths you might not
have the same uh demons as that person
and yes those things are important in
deciding if you're going to be
successful in the field so no next we
have your fears right uh now we talking
believe it or not fear is a very
powerful emotion right it's a very good
driver of success so using your fear is
to narrow down um it depends on how you
use that fear though right obviously
don't be scared of a Reload thing but
you usually if you look at if you write
down the top 10 things or even the top
five things you're most afraid of it
will give you a hint of what your eky
guy is because most of us as humans we
actually try to get away from our fear
so we actually pick careers and jobs
that push us away from the things that
um that we afraid of uh next if you had
all the money in the world right if you
had all the money in the world if you
were freaking forget billiona if you
were trillionaire you were just waking
up to cash every day what
job would you do I'm going to put that
at this is it this is one of the biggest
things you could use to narrow down your
passions because if you broke it's going
to make it very hard for you know you're
ay guy because you're going to just pick
things based on what makes you money but
then when you ask yourself what would I
do if I was a billionaire trillionaire
whatever now now we talking right so I'm
going to put that this is it right
that's definitely a very very important
question to ask yourself what would you
do if you had all the money in the world
and it would never run out right next we
have hatred believe it or not now we
talking right A lot of people we're
we're taught as men to repress our
hatred and our hate and all it's so BS
it's so BS you need those negative
emotions as a man you need it to drive
you so think of things that you hate
instead of saying let me look at what I
love to help me you know as a way to
find my a guy no think of the things
that you hate that's going to give you
ha for example me I hate lies I hate
scammers I hate Weakness I Hate
unnecessary suffering I hate depression
I hate all those things so it's not
shocking that uh I ended up you know
picking a field where I'm helping people
combat those things right so think of
what you hate and that's going to narrow
down your choices next if you had all
the cheeks in the world if you had all
the sex in the world all the women in
the world or the baddest [ __ ] in the
world what would you do right this is it
very very important because once again A
lot of times we don't even know what we
want to do because we we don't have that
personal Clarity right we picking things
based on what do women want what what's
going to get me late what's going to
give me status whatever no pick things
pretend that you already have those
things then ask yourself what would you
do right that's going to narrow down
things next we have the [ __ ] is this
one I hate when this happens when I
literally just put a picture and I
forget oh I think this one is hobbies
and interest yeah so using your hobbies
and interest to help figure out um what
Shi you guys should I'm going to put
that one at it depends right uh because
we could have a lot of hobbies and
interests that don't translate to aik
guy you know for example I like clapping
cheeks right I'm not going to use that
to narrow down my guy right um I might
like hanging out my friends and bowling
doesn't mean I want to [ __ ] be a
professional uh you know do bowling for
a living so hobbies and interests to me
it it really depends right for some
people it might help narrow down what
they want to do whereas from others who
have a lot of hobbies and interests it
doesn't really tell you
much next picking you know B based on
picking a job based on like location or
whatever obviously you know the San Abra
right there should not be a factor
especially nowadays where everything is
online location should not be something
that you used to narrow down what you
want to do next what is something that
you would be willing to do a PhD in for
free I repeat what is something that you
would be willing what is a job or a
topic that you'll be willing to research
all the way until you get a PhD so that
means you gotta get your Associates your
masters you know obviously your
bachelor's your Masters and your PhD in
for free no money you're not getting
paid for it if you can find a topic that
you interest in so much that you're
willing to get a PhD in for
free now we are talking this is it right
this is above this this is it right that
will narrow down the list you know for
me it's easy ever since I was young I've
been obsessed with two things two things
fighting right I'm a massive fight nerd
I mean my subscribers know think about
it dra b z Naruto anime uh [ __ ]
wrestling when I was younger Olympic
wrestling weightlifting [ __ ] boxing
mu anything that has to do with [ __ ]
banging no Diddy I'm in love with right
I mean that's what drew me to
testosterone and muscle MK right I grew
up watching broy [ __ ] mopping the
floor with the Z Fighters so I've always
been obsessed with fighting that's
number one right and obviously
everything that comes with fighting so
mental toughness physical strength
uh courage bravery heroism all those
things and the second thing is uh I've
always been obsessed with helping people
right and I can say it's not because I'm
good or any of that [ __ ] uh it's
mainly because I see myself in people
who are suffering because obviously I
had a [ __ ] shitty childhood so I
combine those two things you know to
help me find my anky guy when I was
younger you know um so think of
something that you're willing to reach
for so I could resarch fighting forever
guys I could research fighting forever
people think I'm obsessed with
testosterone yes because it's the
fighting hormone the [ __ ] so anything
that has to do with fighting I'm all in
right I could rese that [ __ ] forever war
strategy football uh I'm talking about
American football by the way uh yeah
yeah [ __ ] soccer but um yeah anything
that has to do with just just
competition you know I'm obsessed with
it uh so and again I combine that with
my hatred for suffering and depression
and weakness and and all those things
and I put it together and that's how I
found my guy when I was struggling with
this with this stuff you know so think
of a topic that you can research forever
right uh next it's uh let's
see trauma right using your trauma now
we talking now we talking like the
example I gave earlier uh I used my
trauma to help me find my an guy right
what are the things that I suffer with
the most when I was young for those of
you that don't know my story I'm not
going to repeat it over and over again
but long story short you know horrible
childhood uh Dan grew up with my father
in a home unfortunately uh he had
visitation right that was it so we'll
see him maybe once a month once once uh
every few months sometimes um you guys
already know relationship with me and my
mother it was terrible so um yeah having
bullies left and right you go home your
mom is a bully you go outside the
bullies are attacking you so I grew up
just terrible terrible terrible
childhood you know it was so bad my best
friend was my literally my sister you
know I was isolated from my friends uh
you know for me to have a good day my
mom had to be in a good mood if she was
in a bad mood then holy [ __ ] it was the
worst day of my life you know she would
take it out of me so it was terrible
terrible so that trauma you know made me
what I am today you know that's why when
I see a guy who's suffering oh my
goodness I relate that's why I tell
people I'm not a good person say oh meig
you're such a good person I'm like [ __ ]
you if I didn't have the childhood that
I had I wouldn't give a [ __ ] about you
the reason why I care about men is
because I know they're suffering I've
been there that's the only reason if I
had a great childhood I would flip the
middle finger to all you [ __ ]
right so that's why I keep saying don't
blindly follow people we all selfish we
all do things because of how it makes us
I help you [ __ ] because it
makes me feel good because I see myself
in you right so long story short man I'm
too honest it's not good but long story
short use your traumas as a guide uh to
help you find your icky guide uh next we
have uh School subjects your favorite
school subjects so when you in class
what are the school subjects that you
were you know interested in right again
now we talking right that's going to
help you narrow things down the other
other one is the school subject that you
are actually good at so that's different
because you could be good at [ __ ] I
mean you could enjoy physics but if you
sucked at it then useless right so I'm
going to put that at this is it right
look at the school subjects that when
you were in school middle school high
school college look at the subjects that
you excelled at because at the end of
the day to find your iy guy you also got
to be good at that thing right you can't
just say oh well I love basketball I
want to be a basketball player but you
suck ass right so you got to combine
interest and talent next you IQ yes I
got to put and how we talking right you
got to pick a career that lines up with
your IQ if you have low IQ um sorry you
know don't try to be an Asal physicist
if you have high IQ then again that's
going to give you an advantage in
certain Fields so definitely use your IQ
as a way to narrow down your your
choices pick next picking a job based on
or a career based on what's tranding
right come on desend it desend it right
well trending is always going to change
and plus you're not going to be true to
yourself next uh picking a job or career
or achy guy based on problems you
yourself solved this is it right think
of the problems that you yourself solv
this way you're not going to be a
freaking fraud you'll be able to
actually help people because you've been
there and you found a
solution next we have picking a job or
career based on uh topics or things that
actually threaten your status I'm going
to put that it depends right because
it's not always always about that even
though that plays a big role
um but so yeah it depends in fact no I'm
going to put that one at now we talking
because that's usually a sign based on
how the you make de Works how the stat
on works if your status feels threatened
in a certain field then chances are uh
you might want to take a look so I'm
going to put that one
Higher next we have picking a career or
job based on uh picking an a guy based
on uh compliments I think this one's
compliments yeah this one's compliments
So based on what you got the most
compliments in so try to ask yourself
what are some things that you got the
most compliments in growing up you know
that's going to narrow things down I'm
going to put that now we talking right
that's going to narrow things down ever
since you were little people give you
compliments on your intelligence well
that tells you that you might have an
advantage there meanwhile people give
you a lot of compliments on your
athletic ability boom you know or on
your um your your perception or whatever
right try to think of what you got the
most compliments in that's going to help
narrow things down for you next we have
picking a job or career based
Stone unsolved problems in the world I'm
going to put that one at not really
helpful because there's a lot of
unsolved problems for example like me I
don't even [ __ ] about climate change I'm
sorry right I I don't care obviously
it's important but I don't care as much
so I don't use that as a I don't use
word just generic word problems to
narrow down myy guy it has to be
something that relates that I could
relate to something that's personal to
me so whenever you're asking yourself uh
questions to find your hicky guy don't
just randomly look at word problem s you
know pick things that resonate with you
right some people care about poverty
some people don't give a [ __ ] about
poverty right so uh next we have uh
picking an achy guy based on imagine you
had a job that if you if you did that
job it would actually cut your life
short right so that's a question I used
to ask myself a lot I was like what
would I actually do
if if uh each hour that I spent doing it
took a year or two years of my life
that's a very deep CR I'm put that one
at this is it because if you're willing
to do something knowing that it's going
to cut your life short chances are you
very obsessed with that thing and you
might have a lot of motivation to pursue
it which brings me to the next one
picking a job or career uh you know if
forget cutting your life short if you
could literally die while doing it so
that's different than this one right
this is it right because obviously we're
afraid of dying right so if you're
willing to do something even though you
you know you could die any moment while
doing it big big big sign that you may
have found your AK guy right next we
have your zodiac sign man get the [ __ ]
out of here you guys are you kidding
people still believe in this [ __ ] right
you guys make my job so hard people
still believe in zodiac signs so no do
not use your zodiac sign uh to try to
pick your guy um and earlier I mentioned
IQ where was it right I mentioned IQ
right in case you're wondering well how
do I know MyQ is if you still believe in
this [ __ ] yeah yeah you you should know
where you fall on the [ __ ] Bel curve
um next we have uh the big five right so
any personality test not really the big
five so it could be the ocean test right
the big five uh obviously the more you
take the better nbti is decent they all
have their their strengths and
weaknesses right no personality test is
perfect but I'm going to put that now we
talking right it's going to help narrow
things down right first start with the
big five right do the ocean test you
could also do mbti but start with the
ocean test there's a bunch of them you
know different models out there but uh
the ocean test is the one the big five
is the one that has the most research
behind it's not perfect but has the most
research behind it so definitely do some
personality tests get to know yourself
that's going to help narrow things down
next we have uh which fictional
characters you gravitate towards right
so whether it's movies anime manga uh
[ __ ] I don't care what it is Right
video games What fictional characters
you gravitate to my OG Subs know for me
for me it's easy but that's going to
help narrow things down a lot right
because it's going to show you what you
aspire to be or what Ates you or what
your core values are right for example
me I was obsessed with Vegeta when I was
a kid why because I love but for one the
fighting part right but two the work
ethic right the [ __ ] work e you guys
know I do not play I'm team no excuses I
do not play when it comes to work ethic
so I always gravitate towards the
hardest workers in any movie show games
I'm playing that's why I love characters
like katos Vegeta you know all of my
fictional Heroes even my real life
heroes from ancient history it was
always uh High work ethic workers and
high Achievers so uh definitely think of
what fictional characters you gravitate
to that's going to tell you a lot about
yourself next we have uh let's see we
have Obsession what are you obsessed
with not what you passionate about but
what are you obsessed with that is
completely different thing passion comes
and goes obsession is consistent the
best example I gave is that you know
passion is what wakes you up in the
morning right but obsession is what
keeps you up at night right what are you
obsessed with right and I'm going to put
that one there let's [ __ ] go if you
could find your obsession you've done
90% of your a guy already you 90% there
and that's the mistake everyone makes
they pick careers and jobs and dreams
whatever based on their passions instead
of their Obsession right these are two
different things right passion is
usually the things that you do obsession
is usually why what you do it for you
got to find your obsession guys that
would change the game right next we have
uh what will you pay money to do I'm
going to put that at the very top of
this is it right don't just think of
what's going to pay you the most money
think of what will you pay money to do
and you guys could tell I'm a great
example of that because I literally lose
money making these [ __ ] ass videos and
helping young men you know why because
again it's part of my aky guide right
and I explained the stories why earlier
so what will you pay money to do right
cuz if I just wanted to make money I
just keep trading my freaking stocks
right I'm wasting my time making these
[ __ ] ass videos that pay me less than my
[ __ ] fees than my trading fees right
but why do I do it because I love it
right so think of what you would pay
money to do right I pay money to make
these videos right I lose money making
this [ __ ] right that's why I'm always
like hey support the channel support the
channel because I'm [ __ ] bleeding
cash you know giving everything out for
free so fine but but then again it works
out right I've been doing this for so
many years you know and I don't care I
do it with the low ass quality
you know because I truly enjoy helping
people so you got to find the things
that you love doing the things that
you're willing to even pay
for next we have uh and that's also
going to make sure that you stay true to
yourself and you stay genuine right
that's why I never sold out right like
all these scammers out there all right
so next we have if somebody wakes you up
yeah I like this one I'm going to put
this one at uh now we talking meaning
what job would you let's pretend that
you deep into sleep you deep in sleep
you know you having the the best dream
ever and you got to quickly wake up and
start working on something what would it
be right that's going to help narrow
things down right because a lot of times
people think oh I want to be a doctor
would you wake up at [ __ ] 2:30 a.m.
in the morning when you're exhausted to
go be a doctor no then okay then maybe
it's not your [ __ ] E guy you know so
uh that's a really good question to ask
yourself next we have uh Legacy Legacy
right what would what do you want to
leave behind right I'm going to put that
one depends right cuz everybody cares
about Legacy right so I don't think it's
a good thing to uh you know for me that
was good right cuz I definitely wanted
to leave a legacy of of of strength of
honor of Bravery right in men um because
I hate weakness like I said I hate
cowards I hate people that give up I I
hate people that make excuses I hate
unnecessary suffering so leaving a good
Legacy behind definitely motivated me
but it's not going to motivate everybody
so I going to put that one 8
depins next we have uh passion
passion again I'm going to put passion
that not really helpful Believe It or
Not passion is not good enough right A
lot of times I use the word passion but
I really mean is Obsession right passion
comes and goes man there were things I
was passionate about when I was younger
and now you can't [ __ ] catch me doing
it you know for even five minutes
passion comes and goes uh so no so it's
not really
helpful next we have what pays the most
money nah bro it's not really helpful do
not pick your guy Bas on what pays the
most money right because again you're
not going to be true to yourself you're
going to be a sellout and what's going
to happen when it whatever that thing is
doesn't pay as much money are you going
to keep on doing it right so no uh next
you have
uh uh your biggest wins right when you
think of your biggest wins in life now
we talking right if you think of your
biggest wins in life what are the things
that you dominated at what are the
things that you were really really good
at that's going to help narrow things
down a lot to help you figure out what
trick you guys should be you know next
we have uh movies right what movies you
gravitate to what movies do you love
once again you guys know for me it's
easy anything has to do with fighting
fighting fighting fighting fighting
fighting just [ __ ] fighting back and
forth so uh think of the movies you
gravitate towards
right I'm going to put that now we
talking that's going to help narrow
things down right if you look at most
people that that obsessed with something
right that F AK guy if you look at their
movies their and I and put movies it
could be TV shows it could be anime
whatever um but yeah when you look at
those people's when you look at the
content they consume more often than not
uh it has Synergy with the aky guy right
and a good thing about it is it makes
entertainment productive you know a lot
of you guys are watching stuff that has
nothing to do with your guys it's like
what are you doing whereas for me it's
two BRS with one stone anything I
freaking watch is something that's going
to help me eventually you know because
everything I do is linked to my guy next
using basic analysis tools like B
strategy tool SWAT analysis R analysis
pastel Porter Big Five whatever yeah
very good right now we talking that's
definitely going to help you narrow
things down because it's going to help
you analyze yourself find your strengths
your weaknesses threats opportunities
blah blah blah right I love SWAT
analysis uh next you have uh the [ __ ] is
this
one oh what people struggle with right
what do the world struggle with this is
it right because at the end of the day
doesn't matter what your dream mission
job is if it doesn't help people you
you're wasting your time right because
you're going to have to work another job
you know um on top of that thing right
so but the goal is to try to find
Synergy right between what you love and
what people need so definitely
definitely put this up there ask
yourself what are some pains the world
has that you're willing to solve you
know uh next we have picking things
based on what's going to make you
popular come on bro they say it do not
pick your guy based on way what's going
to make me popular or famous nope it's
going to make you sell
out next you have uh wait I thought I
did this one already okay no I didn't so
motivation theories right so Masa your
needs McAllen all the different
motivational theories um do a test to
find out what motivates you right I'm
going to put that at this is it because
motivation is everything right if you if
you're motivated to do something you're
not going to need uh you're not going to
have the those dips in performance right
when you're doing something and then you
quit the [ __ ] okay right so definitely
do those tests that help you figure out
what drives you um next we have picking
based on tradition you know that
includes religion as well uh come on
what the [ __ ] right do not pick your
career or your iy guy you know or your
mission based on [ __ ] tradition you
know next we have
genetics picking your iy guy based on
your genetic strengths and we weaknesses
this is it this is very important right
success is not just about doing things
about doing things better than most
people and if you go into a field where
your genetics are trash or you don't
have the genetic talent for it you're
going to waste your freaking time you
know you're not going to see me try to
compete at the ifbb you're not going to
see me try to do you know again uh
theoretical physics or some [ __ ] right
no don't have the genetic
sword you could work as hard as you want
but a person that has a genetics the
elite genetics in the field for every of
work that will destroy 10 years of your
work trust me there are people like that
out there um I'm looking at you Magnus
Carson all right next we have picking
jobs based on employee benefits and all
that stuff nah bro this end it come on
right do not pick a dream career based
on the benefits uh next if you are
locked in a library I use that one lie
if you are locked in a library for the
rest of your life which section of the
library would you pick right so you
liked in the library for the rest of
your life you can only pick one section
you know what section would you pick
this is it right because that will once
again let you know what you are obsessed
with right because you're going to be
stuck in a lotary for the rest of your
life so let's pretend it's like again
hypothetical scenario let's pretend it's
like 80 years right so that means you're
going to get bored very fast so the
section you pick has to be a section
that uh you know you will never get
tired of reading the books about it
right so for me again you guys already
know fighting fighting fighting War
ancient history all that nerdy stuff
right so
so that's easy for me uh next you have
uh picking a career or job based on your
own personal pain very similar to the
trauma that I mentioned earlier right
now we talking this is very important
right because you're going to be able to
relate to your audience you're going be
able to relate to the people you're
helping the reason I'm so good at
helping man is because I relate to these
[ __ ] all right so use your pain
to help narrow down your
choices um next we have picking a career
or job that you can actually provide
value in better than the competition or
better than the evil [ __ ] who are you
know getting in the way of whatever your
mission or whatever is I'mma put that at
the very [ __ ] top that is so
important because at the end of the day
no matter what field you pick if you
cannot provide value better than some no
one's going to even you know waste their
time right that's like me saying I want
to open a freaking Pizza chain what I
don't anything about pizza apart from
obviously eating it I don't know
anything about pizza or how to make
pizza or the the the the the science
behind of the history nor do I care
right so you want to go into Fields
where you can actually have a
competitive Advantage where you can
provide value right think of blue ocean
strategies right so that one is
extremely important too many of you guys
are picking I got people saying I want
to be a football player I want to be a
soccer player I want to be a basketball
player and I'm like broh like you don't
even have like a competitive advantage
you know so use that as one of the most
important things because at the end of
the day value is not what you do value
is not uh what you could provide value
is how easy it is to replace you if you
easy to replace you're not going to have
any value right so you definitely got to
be competitive when you pick uh you you
definitely want to pick a fiing which
you're going to be
competitive next we have picking a
career job based on travel opportunities
you know things you know you know how to
tell you oh yeah pick something that's
going to help you travel whatever as
much as I love traveling nah you know
they say it do not use that to narrow
down your
guy uh if anything it should be a
byproduct right it should be a bonus
next uh what is something that you were
willing to do eight hours straight for
free very similar to the PHD one example
right what is a job or problem that
you're willing to solve for 8 hours
straight for free without getting paid
every single day
because to our compete or to provide
value you're going to be working endless
hours in whatever field that you pick
right if you obviously want to be good
at it so what is something that you
could do for hours back to back without
I getting paid I'm going to put that at
this is it very very very
important next we have uh counselors at
school right advisors whatever not
really helpful a lot of these people
[ __ ] suck you know H I had so much
terrible advice I remember one time when
I was uh cuz I studed college very young
so I was like 16 and I uh I went to the
visor and I asked her I was like hey
what should I do because I was so
confused guys I didn't know what the
[ __ ] I wanted to do you know and I was
like what should I do and she goes H
what do you like I was oh I like video
games right you know because I like
again fighting I like T Stone and and
Street Fighter motal Kombat you know God
of War you know I was obsessed with God
of War at the time um and and I told
yeah I like video games you know what
she said that [ __ ] was like oh yeah do
computer science done I was like what
the [ __ ] right and that's why dropped
out cuz I was like man I don't like this
[ __ ] I don't want to make games I want
to play games [ __ ] so a lot of advisers
don't give a [ __ ] about you they give
you terrible advice pretty sure there's
some good ones out there I'm not going
to use my n equals one small sample size
to to [ __ ] on all of them pretty sure
there's some good ones out there but be
very careful right uh so lot most
advisor are not really
helpful um next you have the [ __ ] is
this one I think this one is yeah
learning styles learning styles yeah so
using your learning styles to narrow
down your icky guy it depends right like
me my learning style is visual by far uh
very very very visual so you know that
actually helped me nail things down uh
whereas somebody else that is completely
useless I'm want to put that on 8 penss
next we have peer pressure right using
peer pressure to narrow down what your
mission should be or or trying to do
what your friends are doing whatever
come on bro what the [ __ ] right what the
[ __ ] uh next we have video games
right think of what video games you
obsessed with playing what are games
that you played your whole life
obviously for me again it's simple it
was always fighting games right always
fighting games um but yeah so what are
things that you obsess with playing what
are some games that you spent years of
your life playing if not multiple hours
where you enter the state of flow right
that one is I'mma put that one at this
is it extremely extremely important
right that's really going to help narrow
things down uh let's
see uh next we have uh if you were the
sole survivor actually if you were the
only Survivor on the planet everyone
else dies you're the only Survivor on
planet Earth what would you do right
what would you do think about it if
you're the only person alive so now that
removes a lot of uh influences that
other people have on your
decision-making process right imagine
you would only survive on the planet no
one is coming to save you no aliens are
coming you just going to Die Al on the
planet what would you spend the rest of
your life doing right I'm going to put
that one at this is it that's very
important that's really going to help
you narrow things down right and last
but not least is think of what makes you
what pain right that others have not you
what pain that others have that makes
you wants to [ __ ] cry I'm going say
this again think of a pain that other
people have that makes you want to cry
really freaking hurts you deep to your
core I'm going to put that let's [ __ ]
go if you could if you could figure this
out and obviously combine it with your
other things that's going to help you
narrow down youry guy right for me you
guys already know once again I hate
seeing men suffering I [ __ ] hate it
when men are depressed men
are being bullied or again all the stuff
that I went through when I was a kid
right whenever I see that it literally
you know hurts and a lot of people I
work with would tell you that sometimes
I would book consultations and it's
supposed to be 15 minutes and I help the
[ __ ] for like two hours right
for free you know because it I really
resonate with their pain so use that to
help narrow down uh your choices right
what are some things that you know deep
down inside you really really feel it
when somebody else is going through it
right so uh and I'm going to add two
more things up here so let's
see um we have your obsession we have
what valley you could create uh you know
blue ocean style we have Bane I'm going
to move I'm going to move two more
things up there let's see
[Music]
I'm going to put this one up there wait
what was that one was that one uh yeah
that one was the world pain yeah
problems that the world is going through
I'm going to put that one up there and
I'm going to put one more where is it
where is it genetics there you go
genetic Talent there you go there you go
remember I told you guys earlier that I
have my own version of the iy guy right
um and it's this one I call it the team
3D Alpha AK guy what a genius name right
right that was a joke by by the way guys
uh so EA 2.0 what are you obsessed with
what problem are you obsessed with
solving what problem can you solve
better than the competition or better
than the people that are in the way of
your mission or whatever um what is the
problem that you uh you know that you
actually have experience with this way
you can connect right with the audience
you can connect with the people that are
going through it you have personal pain
personal experience with it you know uh
that one is here it's very similar to
where was it it's very similar I think I
mentioned earlier where the [ __ ] was
it I think it was this one yeah yeah it
was this one personal pain right so you
know same one um and then this one is
the world pain right what problem the
world is going through that you can
actually you
know uh solve and then last but not
least genetics right genetic Talent
that's it if you could find the top five
you already found J guy if not then use
these down here to help narrow things
down all right guys hope this video
helps and hopefully your life changes as
a result join the school Community
Support the channel buy the ebooks blah
blah blah out
