but looks like short nothing has changed
it was the same thing thousands of years
ago it's the same thing today
hey what's going on megan here all right
so today's saturday so we gonna make
videos on
sex talk saturday right so we're gonna
answer questions about
dating and she clapping all right and
we're gonna pick this question here so
he says don't know how to title this but
i've been talking to this female for
about two to three months mind you i'm
18 and she's 19 and i want a serious
relationship with her she doesn't seem
interested in an idea but we do things
that couples usually do go out beach
dates cheat clapping etc not sure how to
go about the situation not sure if i
have to stop talking to her or if i
should just see where it goes before you
guys asked yes me and her have had the
conversation about being in a
relationship and like i said she didn't
seem interested in the idea
not sure what to do i don't know if
you're talking about the guys or not any
advice will help right so
very important question and obviously
you know i'm going to give you a raw
answer and it's out of love uh don't get
offended by this i really mean well it's
just hot talk i'm blunt and i'm honest
um this sounds too desperate all right
you are making a grave mistake here
right you gotta understand first of all
watch my video i talk about how uh the
three things that matter to most women
in that order is security
status and sexiness meaning looks right
in that order regardless of culture
regardless of income
the anecdotes back it up the science
backs it up the experience backs it up
women care about security status and
sexiness right and this brings me to the
status quo what i mean by status again
that's your social skills that's your
social status uh your popularity blah
blah blah pretty much how high you are
in a social hierarchy right you don't
have to be at the [ __ ] top but you
also can be at the bottom right and this
right is a big red flag because women
are scanning for this and they're
scanning for desperation if you're
desperate because right now this sounds
desperate right you sound pretty
desperate right you guys only be talking
for two to three months and you're
already in a rush i don't care if you
guys are talking for a year if you
university in a relationship it should
be the woman who should be in a rush to
be in a relationship right guys we
evolved to clap cheeks right i mean so
many videos about that we evolved to
clap cheeks
there's nothing wrong with being in love
there's nothing wrong with liking a
woman that you want to be with but
evolutionary speaking we are designed
to pretty much be hoes do we promise
kids as [ __ ] i know society tells you
otherwise in a religion such otherwise
but science doesn't lie
like i always say we don't produce over
a thousand sperm cells per second for
one woman right a woman can only release
one egg per month on average right one
gamete man millions per month and i can
make a whole separate video explaining
the biology of why we are so honey and
permissions but it looks like short
women are the ones who are selective and
who actually want to be in a
relationship right because they want the
security and the assassins and stuff
right
men are the ones
who are usually the ones who are
pressured into being a relationship
right so you should be the one saying
i'm not ready give me some time i'm
clapping too many trees i need time to
figure things out i'm working on myself
whatever whereas here the table is a
turn right and she sees this and to be
this is desperation even as a guy this
is a turn off right this is desperation
right because believe it or not and
anyone who has experienced a woman will
tell you that is
true across the board women
love to compete for men i repeat women
love to compete for men right women love
men that's already wanted by other women
right and there's so many experiments
where you literally have a guy who's
average looking walk into a room the
women don't care same guy walks into a
room with like five women around him and
out of nowhere the women the women
actually rank him higher in
attractiveness even though he's the
exact same guy right so many studies on
this and again it goes back to what i
said security status whatever right a
guy who's high in social status who's
wanted by other women right something
about that signals the female brain to
desire that male so it should be the
other way around your girl should be the
one saying hey it's been two to three
months oh it's been a year why are we
not dating yet why why is it not
official yet whatever right the table
shouldn't be turned to the point where
you are the one that sounds desperate
right
this is a desperation and this is a turn
off i'm telling you that even as a guy
this is a turn off and trust me i have a
ridiculous amount of experience with
women black women white women african
women you name it and that's one thing
that they all agree on and that's one
thing that i've always noticed about
them is their desire for you goes to the
roof
the less interested you are and then the
more options you have right remember
guys i told you the time the period of
my life when i clapped the most cheese
obviously when i was single before i had
my kid and all that stuff the period in
my life where i clapped the most cheese
was when i actually cared the less
that's when i was actually not even
interested in clapping tricks i was
focusing on myself i was going through a
spiritual journey i was going through an
identity crisis you know when i was
younger my friend had died so i was
going i was pretty much trying to find
myself right and i didn't care about
girls i was just focused on myself and
lo and behold that is the time of my
life when i clapped the most chic
because i had zero [ __ ] care in the
world right and i wasn't faking it right
one of the things that you guys like to
do is you like to fake it you actually
fake like you don't care women women
know when you're faking they know when
you're faking uh status they know when
you're faking confidence right so it's
not gonna work right this is it has to
be genuine it has to be real you have to
generally not give a [ __ ] right i'm not
saying hate her i'm not saying treat her
like [ __ ] no i'm not saying that i'm not
saying be a dick but i'm saying you
cannot be you cannot blow your eggs in
one basket right you cannot be so
invested in her that you are literally
you know uh nervous or or
uncomfortable with your life because you
guys are not in a relationship right you
should be in a situation
where there are so many women fighting
for your attention fighting for you to
be in a relationship with them that you
can't even pick
right now keep in mind i know men are
different some people like some guys
like love and because you guys know i
don't believe in love i believe in
cheeks right i repeat i don't believe in
love i believe in cheeks right love is
bs all right love you just a bunch of
emotions oxytocin mixed with vasopressin
genetics and blah blah blah i could make
a whole video about that but love is
just chemicals in the [ __ ] brain all
right it comes and goes you could be in
love with someone today and two years
later you want to rip their head out all
right now if you have a kid with someone
it's a different story right i always
say if you have a kid with someone then
you gotta settle down and raise the kid
together but for now you're single you
have no kids you're young dude focus on
your life focus on increasing your
security which is again financial your
ability to provide financial security
meaning shelter house
a car you know all the basic necessities
of life focus on increasing your social
status so increase your skill set
increase your productivity increase your
value to the group
right become a leader in your domain in
your field whatever it is right focus
and obviously focus on increasing your
sexiness right your looks and you know
uh your body things like that
right the last thing on your mind should
be chasing a girl and and one you know
wanting her to be your girlfriend
chase her for cheeks don't chase her for
a relationship you're way too young for
that [ __ ] and to be honest the fact that
she's reluctant is already a sign that
she's either talking to other guys
scanning other guys or uh is not as
interested in you as you are in her
right because trust me trust me usually
it's the girl who's like oh my god i
can't believe he you know he hasn't made
it official yet whatever right it's
really the guy
right you setting yourself up for a
heartbreak and we've all been there
all right anyway long story short focus
on yourself i know it sounds cliche that
sounds sounds uh corny but that's what
it is focus on increasing your security
your status your sexiness
put yourself in a situation where it is
the women
who are competing for your attention and
who are begging uh for you to start
relationship with them right remember
that video i made about how your outf
your your ancestor was an alpha male and
i saw the statistics how uh more more
women have uh
contributed to the
genetic pull the human genetically men
long story short more women have
reproduced it men right because back in
the days i think i won't point the ratio
was so bad uh 17 women 17 women
reproduced for every men
right so only
uh a small percentage of men were
clapping cheeks and passing on their
jeans right meaning all of those women
back then were competing for very few
guys
right and that's the guys who are the
most productive the guys who were you
know uh at the top of the hierarchy
or and in some cases unfortunately the
guys were able to pretty much bully all
the other guys and take all the women
but look so short
nothing has changed it was the same
thing thousands of years ago it's the
same thing today women are hypergamous
as [ __ ] right they want the guys at the
top meaning they've also evolved to
compete because there's not many guys at
the top
right so that we've all to compete with
other women for those a few guys at the
top right so the best thing you could do
as a man is to try to climb that ladder
you don't have to be jeff bezos you have
to be elon musk
right you just have to be high enough in
status relative to the niche or the the
area you're in i hope this video helps
so i'm going too long i could talk about
this forever but
all right guys don't forget to like or
share the video subscribe and hit the
bell and buy my hsp nucleus of a little
training program see ultimate program
for maximum muscle growth it includes
full body workout splits bro splits
push-pull
home workouts you name it also comes
with a complete guide for macros
nutrition fat loss muscle growth
hormones
including a meal plan it's pretty much
all my 16 years of experience
condensed into one [ __ ] book you're
also going to get free copies of any
future edition so visit team3d alpha.com
and you can use the forty percent off
coupon code nucleus overload or you
could just buy this [ __ ] at full price
all right guys i'm outta here
