guys what's going on Megan here I want
to talk to you guys about um um growth
hormone and alkalinity right uh doctors
have found out I'm pretty sure it's not
anything new uh that the North American
diet is high and athetic Foods right we
eat a lot of carbohydrates a lot of
foods who that are mainly acidic on a
chart uh in case you guys not aware you
know your from chemistry class you know
you have Al alkalinity and you have
acidity right um the closer you you want
to be you know in the middle you know in
like the balance between 6.5 and 7 you
know three something like that and um
most if you're North America or you eat
a North American diet your foods are
very acidic and um you eat a lot of cubs
obviously and that leads to a lot of
issues like you know insulin resistance
uh type two diabetes blah blah blah and
as far as bodybuilding it limits your
growth but you know you insulin
resistant and you know you're going to
store a lot of fat and it's going to be
hard for your body to process glucose
and like that uh from your C so uh
the the remedy for that is um to eat
more fruits and vegetables cuz a lot of
fruits and vegetables have uh High
alkaline content so it's going to
balance out your blood pH I don't know
if you ever took a pH uh urine Temple of
your piss in the morning I suggest
everybody should do that to see where
you stand you shouldn't be below 6.5 or
below six a lot of us are below six
because you know we highly we barely eat
fruits and vegetables now how's how does
that relate to bodybuilding well there's
a there's a high correlation a high link
between uh um high acidity in the blood
blood and low growth hormone levels in
the morning meaning if your your that is
high in um in acidic Foods then in the
morning your growth hormone you know if
take your test you realize that you your
blood is very acidic your growth hormone
levels are going to suffer right
everyone that has high growth hormone
levels uh Burns a lot of fat everybody
knows what growth hormone does what's my
video on growth hormone to see what it
does uh but you're going to build muscle
bit better you're going to also burn fat
better um those who have higher growth
hormone levels uh have a nice balance in
their blood right they eat a lot of
alkaline uh High Foods and those who
have uh poor growth hormone levels right
have high acidic levels and they find
out that really it's not just like a
correlation position thing it's actually
you know they actually link so increase
the fruits and vegetables in your diet
I'm going to put on the screen a
reference to a doctor's website great
doctor Grace Grace of information and he
explains to you the foods that you
should eat to increase alkalinity I'm
going to put that on the
screen uh try to get the Foods on the
left hand side right the more the uh
like baking soda uh
um some nuts mangoes you know all the
foods on the left hand side you really
need and the Foods on the right hand
side it doesn't mean you want to cut off
the Foods on the on the
opposite side of the spectrum but you
want to limit them right remember it's
all about balance the body just wants to
be balanced right no not too many
extremes if you too much acidic I would
say try to back off from acidic foods
for a while uh and it's going to
increase your growth hormone levels you
know even when you take the test you
realize that your grow hormone levels uh
become uh more and more uh elevated so
and grow for I'm going to make a
separate video showing you guys how grow
for one is also linked to Mario sta
meaning the more grow for one you have
the least uh May Statin which is good
for overall muscle growth all right guys
hope this video helps team 3D combining
Bro Science and science peace out
[Music]
