all right guys what going on Megan here
I got a question now from Dr Sharp
saw all right and um he said he messaged
me on Facebook but I didn't get his
question again guys I keep telling you
my inboxes is [ __ ] crazy so um put
all the questions in the comment section
and I'll try to get back at you in video
that's what I'm doing now I'm going
through the comments and trying to
answer them directly right because I
don't think I'll be able to get to the
bottom of my inbox all right his
question is on nuclear overload right
he's confused about how to properly
apply he's saying based on several
videos that he watched he's seeing
different recommendations which is true
you know because there are different
ways to implement the clus overload
right simply because when I was
observing it and when I was researching
it for so long I've seen that there was
a common theme even though not everyone
was doing it the exact same way right
remember most of the people that I
observed doing were doing it by accident
you know they were not they didn't get
up one day and decid to to to you know
to start that that you know to start
training that kind of way there people
that were uh building muscle by pure
accident because of the work the nature
of the job that they were working or um
whatever BR they were told at the time
so this is why I'm giving you guys the
different you know I'm not trying to be
biased I don't want to make it seem as
if it's is something that I invented I
didn't invent this I discovered it by
observing things so there's no set way
to implement a Clos you know you could
just use it any other way you know you
prefer all that's based on all you know
based on the amount of time that you
have you know your buys ability to
recover things like that so his
confusion stems from the fact that uh
there's some videos where I explain how
you can do you can split up your
training into blocks where you have
blocks where you're only doing heavy
lifting and then you have blocks where
you doing you know n solo we doing you
know extremely high volume High Reps
lightweight um you know very high
frequency right and then you you keep
alterate between those two I've tried
that great results from it um there are
also uh another method of using C is
just picking up you know picking one
muscle and simply doing it every single
day you know I mentioned I'm mentioned
that so many videos you just pick a
muscle and you do nuclear Sil load every
single day High Reps high volume very
lightweight you know um for four weeks
to maybe two months right and then you
take time off and you come back and when
you return to heavy high value lifting
um you notice that the muscle goes a lot
faster so I mean I've been talking about
this since 2011 guys so this thing is
not anything new um so and he's saying
well which which method should he use
that is totally up to you you know
there's no one right method because
remember this
thing is something I stumbled upon by
pure accident you know and I explained
how stumbl upon that years ago um so
there's not a lot of heavy research
behind it science will catch up like it
always does you know I keep telling you
guys a lot of research is showing things
that bers were doing from you know 1960
1970s sometime 1940s and we validating
those things now so the research will
always catch up eventually so um um
until then there's not going to be any
set criteria you know what I mean as
opposed to what's more optimal it's all
up to your body right it depends to you
it depends on how you U how you
recover uh the amount of effort you put
into it you know how frequently you use
it but I would say pick one muscle cuz a
lot of the questions I get people are
trying to do it all at once in the
entire bodies if you can handle that if
your body can handle that stress if you
can eat enough and hydrate yourself
enough to recover from that by all means
try to do nucle on your entire body if
you can recover from if you can't
recover from it you're wasting your time
right your body will not really see you
know um it won't be opal until you're
finally getting enough calories enough
nutrients in order to make this system
work so that's why I always advise
people pick just one muscle experiment
right pick one muscle
if you want to keep your entire training
system the same but just pick one muscle
that you want to you know uh you know
overload and try it out right insanely
high frequency uh High Reps you know
pretty much just pump work right do that
for four weeks take a week or two weeks
off from overloading that specific
muscle right and then do it again right
I know Le tell people to do it at least
twice right so two blocks of four weeks
each separated by at least a one or two
week break right and as far as should
you keep trading your other muscles
doing that doing doing the break that's
up to you I recommend not to because
again the whole point of taking that
break is to reset your M to and if
you're still training I don't care what
exercise you're doing you're going to
recruit that muscle that you're trying
to rest you know if you're doing a bench
press you're recruiting a lot of other
muscles that you probably don't even
think that you recruited so it's always
better to just completely not train
during the one or two
weeks that you taking uh you know the
break it's where your M gets to reset
and you get to come back fresh and you
get to actually see how much faster your
body grows now that you're uh you have
more satellite cells in the muscle more
capillary density things like that you
know so um so yeah so either
do the the entire body nucleus overload
if you can recover from it remember
that's only if you can recover from it
or just pick one muscle and focus on
that you know uh two blocks at a time or
one block at a time right don't over
complicated right so let's say your
chest is lagging right you want to
overload your chest then say all right
for the next four weeks I'm going to
overload my chest I'm going to keep my
training the same but as far as my chest
right I'm going to only do nuclear
overload so obviously you know no heavy
bench no nothing you're just doing nuc
for your chest and the rest of your body
you're training it you know the exact
same way meaning whatever else you doing
right and then you take the two we break
or the one to two week break and then
you try it again for another four weeks
then you take another one or two week
break so that that makes it that
guarantees that you did everything right
that's why I would say do it at least Le
twice just to guar they did everything
right and then you go back to lifting
your chest normally so back to the heavy
bench back to the dumbbell presses
things like that and you should see the
change it's not this doesn't take three
four months to you know to show you know
everyone that has tried that has confirm
that you will see progress super super
fast so uh follow that I hope I answered
your question it's a very long
paragraphs and I'm trying to really get
through this inbox so if I miss anything
comment below guys if you have any
questions that you want feature the next
videos again comment below I'm getting
questions everywhere Instagram Twitter
Facebook one Facebook 2 Facebook 3 um
the comment section the inbox on YouTube
I I just need everything in one place
right so go in the comment section and
put your questions there so I could just
pull up a video read through the
comments and then just answer all right
guys cuz I really hate when a lot of
your messages are back uh you know I've
been said months ago and I'm just
getting them now all right guys again
comment below if you have any questions
thanks for subscribing thanks for for
liking the videos see you guys
