all right guys there we go um this is
the close grip vball pull down show you
what's happening in the back as you can
tell this is if you lean back a little
bit you see your upper back your Rome
boys if you straight up it doesn't
really hit your your upper back as much
as when you leaning back when you lean
back you see how the upper back comes in
all right uh and and when you straight
up it doesn't really hit your upper back
see so I'm showing you up um standing
straight up vertical and um but now if
you're standing vertical and you bring
it all the way down it actually hits
your upper back a little bit more but
the problem is most people can't bring
the ball all the way down so you might
have to decrease the weight in order to
do that and this is um underhand grip
look it's amazing for your upper back
even if you're standing straight up this
is standing vertically and squeezing at
the bottom try to get that upper back TI
you see that upper back the the traps uh
contract thing that's wide grip doesn't
really hit it so so now I'm trying a
different
variation pretty much trying to see uh
See Now wi grip look at that white grip
pull
Downs you want to do pull Downs because
where pullups you won't be able to go as
as low now this is pullovers that
doesn't hit your upper back at all now
bent over rolls these are amazing for
your upper back look see the contraction
and this is uh overhand first I did no
this is underhand now yeah first I did
overhand then I did underhand now this
is uh cable roll to your belly button
doesn't really hit your upper back that
much now watch to your upper back boom I
mean to your chest when you do the cable
roll to your chest it's amazing and
that's another variation of the cable
roll uh instead of using a vball next
one is uh uh t-ball roll amazing for
your upper back t-ball roll um machine
that's machine the one that you got to
pick up and this is the one um Row one
um row well you can't really tell cuz
I'm doing one hand at a time but with
two hand see if you're doing a
two-handed dumbbell roll it really hit
you upper back so what else
yeah uh and this is a reverse pack deck
Believe It or Not reverse pack deck if
you go all the way back it's amazing for
your upper back and your real dust
obviously so yeah hope that helps guys
