hey guys going on Megan here most people
are not eating enough protein or the
right amount of protein for testosterone
production somebody eating too much so
am I eating too little and I'm gonna
show you guys why the correct amount is
in this range and then I'm also going to
read the comments and see what everybody
else is saying all right so the poll was
how much protein you eat per day for
maximum testosterone production
and I put don't confuse with maximum
muscle growth because there's actually
two different things believe it or not
all right 11 are eating less than 100
grams or more than 220 grams 32 percent
of eating between 100 and 149 grams of
protein per day 26 percent of eating
between 150 to 170 and 31 percent of
eating between 170 and 220. now keep in
mind this depends on your your goal your
height your body weight how much how
many calories you're eating whatever I'm
just making these bowls based on the
average lifter the average person
refused the video so average height
average weight whatever right I'm gonna
make other videos about the specifics
like pamper weight whatever all right so
first let me explain to you guys why you
do not want to be under 100 or more than
220 right if you're eating less than 100
grams of protein a day chances are you
not getting
um the right amount of essential amino
acids you're not getting the right
amount of leucine it's going to be very
hard to get uh over 10 grams of Lucy in
a day if you're eating less than 100
grams of protein unless the majority of
your protein is coming from a very very
high quality protein which most people
listen at
um so you're feeding less than 100 grams
um assuming you're the average person
average weight you know average lifter
that's way too low remember you need
protein for testosterone production
believe it or not because you need
protein to synthesize tissue synthesize
proteins and activate your genes even
the genes that are involved in the
enzymes that produce testosterone you
need protein for everything but you do
not want too much protein why because
one is going to [ __ ] up your urea cycle
is going to hurt your liver's ability to
access to remove excess ammonia
but it's also going to make it so that
you're not getting enough fats and
you're not getting enough carbohydrates
depending on your training goals you
know depending on how hard you train you
need a certain amount of carbohydrates
to keep cortisol down and to increase
free testosterone to keep shpg in check
to increase DHT to increase thyroid T3
right so if your protein is too high
chances are you're not getting enough
saturated fats you're not getting enough
monounsaturated fats
um and uh you're definitely not getting
enough carbohydrates to fuel training so
that's why you want to be somewhere in
the middle right you don't want to have
too low protein too high protein now
again it depends on your goals because
if you're cutting uh or if you enhance
then it's the other way around if you're
on trt or you're on you're on steroids
then you can eat a lot more protein or
if your goal is body recomposition and
you're natural you can eat a lot more
protein if your testosterone is already
extremely high you can eat more protein
because you can handle the the drop into
such one that happens from eating too
much protein and when I say too much I
mean like way too much for your body
weight right so it depends on the person
but on average you want to be between
here right so uh yeah let's look at the
comments
right my rule of thumb is still the same
you want at least one gram per pound of
body weight again lean by the way
obviously right if you obese if you 300
pounds you don't need 300 pounds of
protein right so one gram per pound of
body weight is enough for most people
right and again assuming you lean like
around 10 or 15 body fat
the only time I put clients above that
number is if again they're trying to
recomp right they have a lot of body fat
therefore or they're insulin resistant
therefore I cannot give him too many
carbs so I will increase their protein
um to compensate but for most people
you know one grave upon the body weight
or per centimeter of height is uh is
enough also if your protein quality is
very high then you could go on the low
side you could go slightly below 100
pound of body weight right so if you're
getting very high quality protein
meaning a lot of leucine a lot of
essential amino acids then you could eat
slightly less than one grip of amount of
body weight you know if your protein
quality is bad then yeah you definitely
want to eat one gram or even 1.5 grams
per pound of body weight so like I said
it depends on many factors
all right let's look at the comments
all right in one of your vids you
mentioned to eat one gram of protein per
pound of body weight so since I want to
weigh 85 kg I eat around 187 pounds and
it feels good as [ __ ] yeah but it also
depends on how much you weigh currently
right as long as you're closer you go
away then yeah you could definitely use
your gold weight as your as your target
but if you're too far from you go away
then you know especially if you're
trying to bulk up you want to be very
careful
um so let's say you weigh like 50 kg or
I'm exaggerating nobody weighs 50 kgs
but let's say you weigh I don't know 70
kgs and your goal is 100 kgs or some
crazy [ __ ] yeah you don't want to eat
that much because you don't have that
tissue yet but
um anyway let's go
um I'm aiming for 200 after rewatch on a
protein video and seeing that you can
get 40 grams of mail man you just yeah
yeah like I said it depends on your body
weight your goal depends on a lot of
issues you know but it depends on a lot
of factors but like I said you want to
be in that middle range right it also
depends on how high your T levels
already are if they're already high then
you could afford to increase your
protein and you know sacrifice carbs and
fats or if you insulin resistant or
you're trying to do body composition you
could afford to eat a lot more protein
because there are a ton of benefits to
high protein you know and when I say hi
I mean higher than the RDA I don't mean
high like oh man I'm gonna eat 400 grams
of protein and I weigh 150 pounds no you
know but uh yeah protein is very
important for like say protein synthesis
neurotransmitter synthesis you know
dopamine right you need phenylalanine
and tyrosine to make dopamine
um you need enough protein for your body
to synthesize its own creatine to make
its own carnitine
um I could go on and on there's so many
benefits of protein I said you just
don't want to overdo it you want to be
more than the RDA definitely more than
RDA right but not so much so that you
sacrificing essential fats and and
carbohydrates depending on your training
load all right next I have 240 to 250
grams of protein a day on average I'm
246 pounds like I say if you feel good
your energy status is good your grip
strength is good every morning blood
pressure is good whatever yeah keep
doing whatever you're doing you know
that's that's all I care about you
making progress as long as you're
getting your other nutrients you find
and actually it's going to reflect in
your grip strength anyway if you if
anything is bad for you you will know
because your glute strength will go down
so
next uh I do any fasting and protein
intake decrease uh
play guitar with too much protein in the
bathroom it is always a smeagle guy
that's gonna you know straw man
everything I say and ignore the inverter
you curve you know
um let's see I've been watching your
videos and I used to believe that carbon
took nonsense I've been putting a lot
more protein vitamins in my diet
um
geez you guys got to put commas and
periods and [ __ ] because all right but
uh let's see
I don't know what you're trying to say
because I'm trying to read really fast
guys because this video is going to be
too long I stopped counting but I used
to have four meals a day with 50 grams
of protein plus another and also keep in
mind if you're doing full body workouts
that increases your protein needs you
know um it actually doubles it uh your
post workout you know protein needs now
your daily protein eat so but I think I
made a video about that already and I
said it all depends on losing it's about
the quality of the protein so if you
have 20 grams of protein but the leucine
content is high so it's a good protein
Source like you know again red meat
um chicken like red meat whey whatever
anything that's high in leucine then
yeah that that reduces the amount of
protein you need so it's really leucine
and essential amino acid it's not just a
total protein count because you could
eat 40 grams of
you know plant protein but that's going
to have very little leucine unless it's
obviously a mixture of different plants
so it's about how much leucine the
protein has whenever I say high quality
protein I'm talking about protein that
has enough leucine so if you're doing
full body workouts that drastically
increases your leucine
uh needs you know so either try to eat
20 to 25 grams of protein per meal that
has a lot of leucine or if it doesn't
have a lot of leucine try to eat 40
grams of protein per meal you know but
even doing that five times a day that's
still 200 grams of protein so you're not
even close to the dangerous you know to
the danger zone and like I said earlier
if you taller or bigger you definitely
can handle a lot more protein next uh
hitter early uh and by the way watch the
video that I already did about at what
level protein becomes too high
um I already did a video about that but
next here the early morning workout
um I'm 260 I based on lean body mass
correct I mean you should base it on
lean body mass or anything close to your
10 body weight anything close to your 10
body fat weight you know
[Music]
um probably on the lower end of this but
I'm fasting on Sunday that uh what ratio
would this be I already said you know
it's anywhere between one gram to 1.5
grams per pound of body weight but I
said it depends on so many different
things as long as you as long as you're
around one gram per pound of body weight
assuming lean body weight you fine
um and obviously you want to spread it
out throughout the day right try not to
eat it all at once
I'm starting to kill your games but it's
definitely not optimal I'm seriously
cutting to the absolute uh now also if
you're cutting you definitely need more
protein because if you cut in unicoloric
deficits your body can use a lot of the
protein that you eat for energy so
um I don't count or do I have
you don't have to count if you
discipline if you tracking and Counting
is for people who are either not
disciplined or people who are really
really conscientious about reaching
their goals you know that's when
tracking becomes important but if you're
discipline and you have the same routine
every day it doesn't need to count
because you know you could estimate what
you're getting
but for most people you better [ __ ]
count because most people are not
disciplined and most people are not
conscientious enough to uh you know to
guarantee that they're heading towards
their goal on a weekly basis
um let's see if fluctuates but it's
never below 120 grams I love meat pause
um but yeah yeah uh
no need to go below 120 unless you weigh
very little
protein intakes that increase so did my
trips to the toilet
depends if you're cutting it already
mentioned
let's see uh at 150 I eat 130 on a bad
day it's actually uh it's actually
pretty good uh let's see
people say too much protein is bad on
the liver I already mentioned another
video it depends on how you define too
much protein because you know some
people call it too much protein more
than RDA when it's actually good
um but if you mean too much like
I said earlier so much protein that you
know your body can't even freaking
handle that yeah it's bad because
remember your body still has to excrete
ammonia you know and you know the urea
cycle if you eat too much protein like
way more than your body can handle yes
that's gonna put a lot of burning on
your on your liver
um
but like I said most people are not
eating that much you know that's like
more than 40 to 50 percent
of your caloric intake you know you will
have to eat a lot of protein to start
damaging your liver or to start you know
suppressing the urea cycle but when that
happens your body's gonna dabble what
it's going to do it's gonna lower your
testosterone and it's going to increase
your cortisol to you know up regulate
the urea cycle
next
is a tofu let's see
let me see how long this video is see if
I have to stop up yep very long let's
hurry up usually average I prioritize
covers in fact
um like I said as long as you're getting
enough carbs and fats you know that's
fine
um and keep in mind this is mainly for
testosterone maximization you know this
is not the same as maximizing muscle
growth
uh let's see because if you want to
maximize muscle growth then yeah you
want to be on the high side not the
dangerous side but you want to be on the
high side of protein intake
um
uh wise over 220 bad if you bake if you
big it's not bad but you know how many
people are over 220 pounds or over 200
pounds lean you know not a lot
um but I did mention the the exceptions
you know I didn't mention the situations
when uh a person who's not over 200
pounds could benefit from very very high
protein
why does my guy look like that at over
220 because again I already explained
that so
let's see uh for 99 of men eating more
than 100 gram makes little sense uh I
don't know about that this is actually
wrong
um it depends on the quality of the
protein
um how can you apply Universal scale to
people of different ways because I'm
factoring in the average you clown I
mentioned that a million times
um I finally made the great source
category nice nice
um that's alternating account of course
you know it's the average that matters
the weekly average you know
um let's see
uh 8.5 grams of protein per inch of
rooster I have uh
let's see
uh pulling makes no sense you should ask
how much protein per pound of body
weight I already did I spoke to the
brown body weight that's supposed I
already did I think over a year ago and
it's another one I'm gonna do soon so
clown for thinking I don't know what the
hell I'm talking about
uh but here's your cookie for you know
trying to be smart
um let's see how it's 220 grams regular
category already explained that uh most
people that are doing this poll don't
wait
over 180 170 lean
um so let's see in all honestly I don't
have a clue even if my mom cooks me
um over 220 bite me about 3.5 calories a
day 250 us fat Carnival
uh let's see I mean if you're eating
3500 cows a day over 220 is not bad at
all because it's not over 40 in fact let
me do the math right if you're eating
let's see if you're eating 3500 calories
a day
I'm assuming you're very active and
you're either tall or have a lot of lean
mass I'm hoping so that's 250 times four
that's a thousand calories give me about
to do the math on that but just so you
know I'm tired uh let's see so a
thousand yeah so that's that's fine
right because that's only 28 of your
calories right 250 grams of protein
that's a thousand calories thousand
divided by 3 500. that's yeah that's
fine that's only 28 of your calories
right the danger zone of too high
protein is over 35 percent you know
especially 40 higher
so I don't know why you think that
that's uh that's not good and if you're
doing full body training you say heavy
compounds that is just fine as long as
you're getting enough fats or carbs
um especially fats you fine
um I don't think protein helps with
chest production it absolutely does it
absolutely does I mean guys protein
helps with everything right your body
cannot make testosterone without the
enzymes you know without the genes
associated with steroidogenesis and how
do you think about the activist jeans
anything your body you know transcribes
and translates genes right your body
needs amino acids that's why you could
live uh without carbs you know but you
would die you would die very fast
without essential proteins
uh let's see
not to mention that you need protein for
dopamine right without dopamine you're
gonna have too much prolactin too much
prolactin it's gonna lower GNR H and LH
and you're gonna have low testosterone I
mean I could I could show all the
different Pathways of high protein
protein helps with testosterone you need
protein for antioxidant production your
body's own antioxidant systems you know
glutathione and stuff like that you need
protein for your body to make Colony
chain if you're not eating enough meat
you need protein you need and all those
things play a role in mitochondria
function and you know
testosterone production
uh you need protein for igf-1 and growth
hormone and without igf-1 your body is
going to down regulate five Alpha
reductase so you're not going to have
enough DHT even if you have enough
testosterone I could go on and on but
yeah you definitely need protein do not
play with protein just don't overdo it
alright guys hope this video helps see
you guys in the Discord the Reddit post
your questions there and uh I'm out
all right guys don't forget to like or
share the video subscribe and hit the
bell and buy my HSB nucleus of a little
training program she ultimate program
for maximum muscle growth it includes
full body workout splits bro splits Push
Pull home workouts you name it also
comes with a complete guide for macros
nutrition fat loss monster growth
hormones including a meal plan it's
pretty much all my 16 years of
experience condensed into one [ __ ]
book you're also going to get free
copies of any future Edition so visit
team3dalpha.com and you can use the 40
off coupon code nucleus of the Lord or
you could just buy the share full price
all right guys I'm out of here
