[Music]
hey guys what's going on team 3D Alpha
want to show you guys what we're eating
today
uh in our first portion of the day you
know doing car back loading the first
portion of the day you you know we're
not eating carbs we only eat cars
postwork
workout um but anyway I don't if you
guys could
see pretty simple uh saut√© chicken it's
actually stir fried chicken I made that
using the W that I bought a few months
ago a few weeks ago um actually watch
this video it's the video where I show
you how I stir fry my beef that's the
same concept I use for the the chicken
and I got some lettuce obviously the
first half of the day is you know we
took advantage of that to get all that
vitamins from
healthy um Natural Foods like lettuce uh
green leafy vegetables stuff like that
and of course our protein and um
obviously doing the second half of the
day which is post workout we cut it
completely off so there it goes pretty
simple lettuce and chicken H what you EA
chicken AR chicken
um and this my I miss some salad so it
has
lettuce I mix it with some tuna and
avocados I usually mix it with tomatoes
but Tomatoes got a little bit of you
know Sweetness in it so I don't mix it
with um Tomatoes anymore so now just
lettuce tuna and avocado and put a
little bit of um calor free wrench just
a little bit of it and you know to make
it taste a little better and and just
huge chicken and also after I eat the
chicken and the lettuce we going to the
gym well I'm going to the gym between 3
and 5 today
so I'm going taking my protein shake now
thank God this is the protein check that
teen bodybuilder s me in Epic Unboxing
number I don't know one of the epic
unboxing videos and it just happens to
be a slow digesting protein I don't know
if it's cassine but anyway let me show
you guys what it looks
like it's this one by the way once again
shout out to team bodybuilders send me
this and it's a slow digesting protein
so it works great with the first half of
the day for car backloading and during
the second half of the day I just focus
on my carnivore so first half of the day
I'm focusing on the slow digesting
protein and the lettuce and the you know
the greens to get my vitamins my healthy
um micros in and my fiber and U and also
um in the first half of the day we do
drink a lot of water because tonight we
drink a lot of Gatorade tonight so we
try to get all our water in you know in
the first half of the day yeah the first
half of the day is the is the happy part
of the day it's the healthy part of the
day when you focus on just healthy
healthy
healthy your water no sugar M and the
second half of the day obviously is the
good little
town but all right guys I get a lot of
questions in my inbox about what we eat
during the first half so that's why I'm
in this video more videos coming up Tim
3D anything you want to say Alpha that
works
see King me
