what's going on Megan here
sorry guys every made videos in a while
I've been busy as always and I get back
to my inbox to look at some questions on
which to base videos and I got a lot of
Kevin Love funny questions I mean a
whole bunch comments inbox Facebook
everywhere and it was based on this
picture here that came out a while ago
and pretty much all the questions are
asking the same thing you know I think
it's mainly a lot of the new subscribers
because I already explained - phenomenal
you know a long time ago I think about
two three years ago but they were asking
pretty much to clarify about the whole
Kevin tehrani muscle memory you know
luckily our you know nonsense and once
again you know once again I it has to be
the new subscribers because I've been
beating this topic down for so long and
I go back as far back as a 2013 and I
was explaining the reason why I live
Ronnie was able to grow so much you know
so quickly into the shows and things
like that and of course I mentioned
muscle memory and muscle nuclei you know
being on steroids how it increases the
amount of nuclei muscle allowing you to
grow faster and also when you stop
training in most of the studies that
they've done they realized even in rats
the rats would keep the nuclei up to ten
years obviously rats and humans at
different lifespans but humans will be
able to keep the nuclei within the
muscle for you know a very very long
time in fact that we're trying to
increase they're trying to become
stricter on anti-doping laws when I
study came out because they realize all
[ __ ] you know we can't just tell the
person come back in two years because
now we're finding out that everyone is
stopped juicing they still have you know
all these nuclei stored up in the muscle
so that gives them an advantage over the
people that never use steroids and
that's why I always tell people I made
videos about this I won't use steroids
I don't want to area you know like I got
nothing against y'all but you can't come
back in two or three years and say hey
man I was in the past but now I'm all
daddy you know and try to put yourself
in the same shoes as the natural guys
know you still have an advantage you
have more you know black people
underestimate the power of testosterone
you know this last one has a lot of
you know a lot of things that goes under
the radar but yeah so explaining this my
FAQ let me pull out some of the
explained this video here when I made a
video about satellite cells and
occlusion training and I explained how
you have the muscle cell and you have
the satellite cells which are in blue
and what they do is they fuse the
multiply and I go inside the muscle
cells that donate new nuclei which leads
to stage 2 here where now let's say you
only have 3 nuclei in this muscle cell
and it could only grow this much and now
you go over to this stage where it has a
lot more nuclei and boom it's able to
grow a lot more pretty much the more
nuclei you have the more the muscle goes
I mean I've been talking about this for
forever so I hate beating a dead horse
guys just the question was [ __ ]
overwhelming if you have any more
questions about things like that just go
to my videos type go to the search box
and type the keywords type satellite
cells type muscle memory and you're
gonna find anything you looking for but
pretty much that's what's happening you
know Kevin tehrani obviously it's not
just him anybody that's on the juice you
know they're gonna increase the amount
of those my nuclei even when they stop
training the muscle itself is gonna get
smaller but the nucleus start gonna be
within you know for a lot of years so
when I go back to the gym boom they grow
a lot faster you know and even if you're
not you know natural people if you stop
training that's a reason when you go
back to the gym you able to rebound so
much faster because when you stop
training you just lost the protein you
know that was around the mall so you
just lost the you know the actin and
myosin chains and things like that but
you never lost the nuclei and with that
is actually where protein synthesis
begins you know remember protein
sentences begins in the DNA and the DNA
is within the nuclei the cell so the
more these you have the more control
center job so even natural people you
know also going to be able to grow back
back faster after going over long after
going a long period of time without
training obviously not as much as
somebody who's on steroids so yeah that
explains why you know that's one of the
reason why everyone was able to go from
here you know that was back when he was
in his prime you guys already know the
funny he's my second favorite
bodybuilder were Tom after Johnny
Jackson and followed by Ronnie Coleman
and he was just amazing man I love like
you guys know me I'm a shoulder trap and
try some skies and he had shoulders he
had
he had the best triceps so you know it's
not a surprise but yeah that's reason
why he's able to go from here to this
everyone knows this picture back in 2008
I believe you know and come back to this
so quickly that's one of the reasons
right that's not the only reason
obviously you have steroids and genetics
and things like that but a lot of people
forget this about Kevon of roni it's not
all about the the nuclei it's also by
his [ __ ] mTOR you know I also many of
you know about this back in 2013-2014
Levani you know you see when somebody's
doing something different than everybody
else you can't just assume that it's
genetics even though it's involve try to
look at what they're doing that is
drastically different than every other
bodybuilder the run would do this thing
where he would start training for a long
time you know and then he'll come back
and blow up and everyone's like all just
great genetics no [ __ ] if you
actually look you know into the the the
processes how much to grow you will ask
the mTOR which I talked about several
times I've told the the main enzyme one
of the main enzymes responsible for
muscle growth um the more you lift
without taking breaks and I'm talking my
long breaks the more you know your body
develops a resistance you know mTOR is
this that activate as much as you use is
kind of like you know using a car engine
for too long eventually doesn't work as
well so mTOR you know back to this video
here that I made on coaching Genesis I'm
told this guy right here
see that's the muscle cell I'm sure this
enzyme that really you know activates
the ribosomes blah blah blah ribosomes
allow your body to you know to
synthesize you know muscle tissue from
the mRNA go back and watch the video I
don't wanna go to details but I'm sorry
the main regulator of protein sentences
of the translation phase if you keep
lifting non-stop year after year you get
diminishing returns you Plateau right
and scientist the final that em soldiers
doesn't respond to training as much as
they used to in advanced lifters but
check this out
when they stopped training when I
stopped training for an extended period
of time so I'm not talking about oh I
want to lift light weights for a week or
two weeks not when I stopped training
for two weeks a month two months or more
and then the returned to the gym I'm
sorry gains that sensitivity right
they've done it on they've tried on
humans have tried it on rats as well you
know it sits across the entire Animal
Kingdom the more you train right in the
beginning you gonna activate mTOR but
and eventually it's gonna plateau and
it's gonna stop being as responsible
else we'll keep growing for-fucking-ever
guys you know so by D training by taking
months off the gym he was able to not
only you know I've seen he's nuclear I'm
not going anywhere but his MO was able
to reset you know and that's why I tell
people if you do a nucleus overload
Marvel training program you wanted
that's why keep some people take that
break take that two week to four week
break because you allowing your M total
reset so that when you come back in a
gym you know it's ready to go
so the wrong mood is before the science
was even out you know you know you
probably noticed since you know
instinctively Ronnie comb is another guy
you know who also you know that is la
people don't notice but Ronnie comment
would also check breaks from the gym
after each mr. Olympius he would take
weeks sometimes months off before he
came back and you know he obviously
didn't know the science behind it
because it was even out at the time but
he instinctively it worked for him he
said he was able to reset his M soul and
come back you know and grow much faster
you know same thing with I don't know if
you guys remember Leroy Cobert rest in
peace
you know first guy with 21 inch arms
naturally same thing you know he was
training training his owns got up to 18
inches but then would not grow past that
point but he got into a motorcycle
accident wasn't able to train for a
while and then when he went back into
the gym thinking oh man I lost so many
games let me let me know let me get
those back not only he went back to 18
but he crossed over the 18-inch limit
and went into 21 you know 19 20 21
something he wasn't going to do when he
was lifting consistently for years but
that motorcycle accident accidentally
forced him to take a break and that
allowed his M totally set you know same
thing with uh you know Dave haft I
remember recreation you know one of the
og is a bodybuilding made a video by him
and he was explaining how you know once
again he was you know he was natural guy
and he had some of the biggest arms of
his time and people were wondering like
how these guys I'm so big and he
explained how he used to you know get
into trouble with the law and take long
breaks from the gym accidentally and
he would come back not only his owns
would go back to the previous size but
it would grow faster and faster and
faster each time he would take a long
break and you didn't know the science
behind and know why you know but once
again I like I would say guys bro
science comes up with [ __ ] and then the
science proves it you know years down
the road but now we know why em so you
know it all comes down you know to em so
being reset when you stopped raining for
a long time and then being able to
activate a lot of Strunk when you get
back in the gym so I hope that explains
you know a lot of the you know the
confusion about all the phone's ability
get so big is it just genetics and
steroids you know yes genetics play a
part yes there was play part but you
can't underestimate the effect that you
know his training philosophy had on his
size games you know the fact that he's
able to resent such as them so
periodically as well as Dave haffley
walk over Ronnie Coleman I mean there's
a lot of stories I could make a whole
video about all the guys who
accidentally find out that if you stop
training for a long time and then you go
back in the gym you grow you know a lot
faster so that's a guy's you know that
side of wrong was able to go from you
know this massive guy here right to this
small figure here right look looks like
he never even worked out and then back
to this you know it's the nuclei in the
cell right that never went away from the
Daisy six - Roy same thing you know and
remember it's not just steroids like I
said earlier even a leave walk over look
at him when he was old you know he still
had the gains from you know when he went
back in a gym the monsters came back so
quick now this is him at 81 years old
guys 81 years old bigger home the most
you know 18 year old guys you know so
the the nuclei are still here and
obviously the EM so being able to reset
after taking breaks from gym right so
hope this answers the questions keep
them coming I'm gonna try to pump out a
lot more videos this week before we go
into exam week alright Tim to the alpha
like share subscribe comment all that
good [ __ ] comment below if you got a
video question I'm out other segments so
go to the comment section and just vote
what you think is your most requested
topic and then obviously one has the
most likes
in case let's say
