next uh video question when you finish
also upper body a lot of people used to
say the pullover but I I'll explain why
that's not on my list anymore V question
when you finish over training your
nucleus overload right we're going to
call nucleus overload now how long do
you do you not work that muscle for and
also it is all right to still work out
the muscle but not directly yeah it's
all right to still stimulate the muscle
you know like the thing is your body
grows because of adaptation it tries to
adapt to something right and your body
only adapts when it feels like it's
survival is threatened one way one way
or another so you want to you want to F
you want to find a way to trick your
body let's say you want to grow your
chest if your if the growth of your
chest does not contribute to the
survival of the body your body's not
going to give a [ __ ] about it right you
have to make your body think that hey
that muscle is crucial for your survival
is or or it it it has to adapt you have
to force it to adapt right so you want
to still stimulate the muscle what
happens when you take a any muscle you
put in the cast it shrinks your body
thinks okay you able to survive without
that muscle you're not using it the you
know you're not Contracting whatever my
you know multiplies like a [ __ ] muscle
you know atrophies when people go into
space they lose muscle mass even though
they're eating right why because they're
not they're in [ __ ] space they're not
really uh stimulating the muscle as much
as still on Earth so the body takes his
resources somewhere else the body is
very intelligent and it's a very good
Economist it budgets like a [ __ ]
all right next
uh so yeah and then your other question
was how long do you not work that muscle
for when I want when I want to let the
muscle rest a week two weeks maybe two
weeks Max two weeks Max probably like a
week just let it rest for a little bit
right and then you know go back and
still train all right what do you think
about the pullover uh the Dum cable uh
to be honest the p is a great exercise
it's actually a great exercise uh I
mentioned earlier how it used to be
called the upper body Squat and I think
I still think it's a great exercise I
just don't do it because it's awkward as
[ __ ] but you know it's a great exercise
all know used to say that expanded is
rib cage whatever whether that's true or
not I don't know you know but just try
it out the best way is try it out right
everyone's body is different try it out
and see what
happens uh you going to cut anytime soon
I'm so sick of that question guys go
look at my other videos I've been my
when I was fat when I was skinny fat my
goal was to have a sixpack that was my
dream and I thought it would never
happen CU my belly was this big I was I
just had shitty genetics right and I
told you I didn't want to cut because my
arms and legs were skinny as [ __ ] right
so I was like if I cut what's going to
happen I'm going to lose my my you know
my already skinny Limbs and I didn't
want to Buck obviously because my
belly's going to get bigger so it took
me a long [ __ ] time to get a [ __ ]
sixpack right and you guys saw when I
had my abs I was not [ __ ] around
people were like man you train abs every
day which obviously I did until that
point uh
and and when I start Shing ABS day my
abs still stayed because I was doing a
lot of Sprints a lot of uh um hi [ __ ]
but anyway uh so when I finally got my
abs I I was like I feel accomplished
right I accomplish something that most
people don't I was happy right see if
you're skinny you got abs shut the [ __ ]
up right you know skin people just are
just gifted right they have abs without
even training when I first got my ass I
was happy as [ __ ] now the next goal was
I was never bring I was never big I
wanted to get big I still want to get
big so that's my goal now I I'm not
upset with six pack in the morning see
when you want something it's kind of
like [ __ ] right like well you people
always want [ __ ] but when you in high
school you obsessed about that [ __ ] you
know especially if you're a virgin when
you finally get it and a liot and lie
when you you to a certain point where
[ __ ] just [ __ ] you know you still want
it but you're not obsessed anymore same
thing with abs when I first wanted it I
was obsessed once I got it I was like ah
you know now I want to look big right
cuz you have abs but you put a shirt on
you look skinny s you don't look like he
lift I don't like that look I'm going
for a massive look right obviously I
want to go to muscle I always wanted
which is traps so I'm not going to do
that by going back to 160 PBS I was 142
PBS uh at 15 156% body fat before I
started bodybuilding 142 pound and I was
20 years old at the prime of my life and
now I worked up to 200 PBS at 18% body
fat Max I'm always using the higher
number just just to be safe that's a lot
of muscle that's 40 to I think that's 45
lbs but let's say around 40 lbs of pure
muscle I'm not ready to lose all that
[ __ ] just to see a six that I already
had so I'm not going to cut anytime soon
like I said I lean out right I lean out
because I believe that if you can't see
your abs anymore then what's the point
right if you can't take your shirt off
what's the point so when I start losing
my abs I lean out a little bit and then
I I go back on maintenance or on on you
know growing mode all right uh damn this
video is long as
[ __ ] so am I G to cut time soon I
already answer that uh video
question my dam how many do I have left
I got to hurry up my upper is pretty
flat when I'm not flexing but as soon as
I flex it it pops up hella big it
happens to me too my thoughts around why
this is the case well I had that same
problem all I did was I started doing a
lot of [ __ ] flies once again that's
like the opposite right people you know
you you would think to build up your
upper chest you got to do only upper
chest movements but I found out that the
seated pack deck brought up my up just
just just
look I don't think you guys can see but
the seated pack deck pull up my upper
chest like crazy and I was surprised I
was like it's a seated pack deck you
know if if anything it would do like my
lower chest or like this region right
here but it I mean if you don't believe
me just take your shirt off and do this
right you see your upper PS come up like
[ __ ] crazy I did that and I did a
dumbbell in clim press which is also a
good exercise for the upper PS and that
was enough those two exercises was
enough to blow the [ __ ] out of my upper
chest if you look at my the videos when
I used to do a lot of upper chest
movement those two uh the the first
video is called what is Team 3D it's
around 2012 I think my upper chest was
just out even when I was relaxed and I
attributed to those two movements but
you got to do a lot lot of [ __ ]
volume uh next
next and don't worry it has nothing to
do with like insertions or whatever it's
just those movements when I stop doing
those movements gone right my op just
only shows on our Flex now uh can you
make a best real D exercise video I got
you I got you that's not a video
question uh video
question uh do you think people should
aspire to be like the old school
bodybuilders with doing separate
strength and performance with gaining
muscle
uh that's that's subjective that's up to
you man me I'm not really concerned
about the thing is when you when you
focus on building size you're going to
be strong don't let nobody tell you that
somebody who who has a lot of psychop
plasma hypertrophy is not strong the
average body would is stronger than the
average person you know so you're going
to be strong strong enough to do basic
[ __ ] you know help [ __ ] your
roommates move pick up a couch whatever
so it's not you're going to be weak if
you're not going for strength that's
[ __ ] right you live even when you
going for D size you're lifting heavy
weights so you're going to get strong
fact a byproduct of a bigger muscle is
strength so if you're going for for for
size you're going to put on some
strength now if your goal is strength
then obviously yeah I would say I would
say people just focus on what you want
you want strength go for strength but
don't expect the [ __ ] crazy you know
uh uh size look right I mean even
powerlifters will tell you when
powerlifters go from power lifting to
bodybuilding they increase the volume
and decrease the weight they will all
all tell you that [ __ ] no power lifter
becomes a bodybuilder even when I'm
steroids no power goes from Power the
bodybuilding and and keeps the you know
the weight the same that do more reps
and you order to do more reps you got to
lower the weight all
right next in one of your grocery videos
the beginning of the year you said all
the person needs is 20 grams of protein
per meal can you do an update video on
protein requirements I want to make a
separate video for that but uh I I still
hold on to that you know well it depends
it dep are you doing in minute fasting
are you doing that that six Mill a day
traditional [ __ ] or you like what are
you doing depends on like your total
your whole [ __ ] program right I can't
just you know prescribe something at the
blue you know if you doing no no it
depends if you're doing an a minute
fasting and you eating in a small window
it's not the same as a guy who's eating
I would say right now focus on overall
protein right focus on overall protein
but if I'm eating let's I'm eating six
Ms a day or or U three meals a day
whatever I will still keep a minimum of
20 grams of protein per meal as a
minimum I'm not I'm not saying that's
optimal but that's just to be safe right
minimum of 20 um if you eat more than
that depend on the protein sauce if you
eat first of all you understand if you
eat fast protein like way protein suar
whatever more than 30 gram you overdoing
it right because once again I explain
the speed at which you know liquid
proteins goes through your track is very
[ __ ] incredible it goes really
[ __ ] fast I think it's like an hour
and a half based on study it's like an
hour and a half and your body can only
absorb about 10 grams of protein per
hour and that's if you're you're a
[ __ ] genetic [ __ ] monster the most
of the population is probably like half
of that I'm not sure what the number is
but the maximum is like 10 gram per hour
right and that that's that's because
even if you take enzyme that's because
of the amino acid Transporters the body
has the body is limited to a certain
amount so if you're taking 50 grams of
weight protein do the math the first
hour is going to take what assuming your
genetic freak 10 grams right and then
the second hour uhuh stop there half
remember it's an hour and a half it only
stays in your dig for about an hour and
a half well the part where it's mostly
absorbed an hour and a half so you're
only going to get about 15 grams of
protein absorbed if you a genetic
monster right so to be safe I go to
between 20 and 30 I don't try to go
above 30 just to be safe because once
again you not you want to make sure that
you're getting the maximum as opposed to
the minimum you want to add something hi
hi y Come On Son anyway so so y let's
let's make a video and show how we came
out with these inside and we spend like
the last 10 minutes laughing the first
one is you have to
