all right guys figured I just make a
video now it's the video I promise to
you guys about the protein thing
shocking Discovery I finally found out
why people not only in Africa and in you
know in in poor countries that have no
access to whey protein and people like
my uncle and stuff like that making
gains without weight protein or without
eating huge amounts of weight of of of
protein cuz you know we believe in in
this community that you have to take one
G per pound of body weight or 1.5 to two
which I'm not totally against cuz I do
that just in case you know there are
days when I don't I don't meet that go
but I try to you know do it just in case
you know cuz a lot of people that are
getting gang are doing it but I always
ask the thing about life is you got to
question things always question things
that's why I get in trouble a lot
because I'm always questioning the norm
I question science and Bro Science and I
incorporate both based on what works so
I was always questioning why are these
people making Gams you know when they're
only eating like 60 g of protein a day
you know and they're not getting these
huge amounts and some of them don't even
take protein [ __ ] because they can
afford it or prefer not to and most
people just want to say oh it's genetics
I always thought after to win if you
know T you know I would never use that
uh as a as a conclusion it's just
genetics genetics does not people think
having better genetics simply means
you're going to overwrite the [ __ ]
laws of hypertrophy you're going to
overwrite the laws of physiology or
biology no it simply means you have an
advantage or your body process things
differently things like that but laws
will be laws so I did more research kept
looking kept looking and recently me and
my uncle have a discussion about the
human body and because you know he's big
On's you know he's studying for his PhD
so even though he's in computer science
he's big on biology and you know
chemistry I I like incorporating all the
Sciences God I love knowledge I love
learning and we realize if you think
about it the body is 70% water um most
of your body is water even if you take
your your muscle out or beef steak you
put it on on the pan you turn the fire
on what happens it shrinks a lot of the
water leaves a lot of the grease leaves
whatever so um really on the big on the
190 lb body if you think about it if you
take out the water and the fat the
muscle you have is not really that much
right that do not you don't need a lot
of protein you do need a lot of protein
but how much do you really need study so
I'm going to put the link in the
description I find this cool study where
um they explain the protein absorption
rate right so uh they explain that it
takes about if you take whe protein we
talking about liquid protein here so
let's take W protein as an example they
found out that it takes about time I'm
going to write time to to absorb right
if you take whe protein like 50 g of whe
protein it takes one to 1.5 I WR
1.5 Hour 1 hour to to 1 and a half hour
for your body to actually absorb their
way protein why because it goes so fast
that that's the time that it's that's
the time that the protein actually stays
in the part of your body that really
absorbs most of it like you know in the
in your gut I don't I don't go into the
biological details but about 1 to 1 hour
and a half after that whatever is in
your body is going to get flushed cuz
your body does not store protein once
again your body does not store protein
your body stares fat and carbs and stuff
like that and glycogen but your body is
not made to store protein what it does
is it takes what it needs the rest it
flushers it out so it takes about 1 and
1/2 hour for your body to absorb liquid
protein cuz it I mean it goes really
fast it's not a steak it's not going to
stay in your stomach for a day or two
liquid protein goes really fast so
whatever your body your body only has 1
hour to one and a half to absorb right
then the question was well how much does
your body absorb you know what's the
rate of absorption lot people want to
know well if I take protein how much my
body what well they find out all right
and St it takes about uh I'm going to
write uh rate absortion rate 8 to 10 G
per hour and this is ridiculous right
and you you're going to find out what
the FDA recommended amount of protein is
so much more lower than the bodybuilders
but I always go with the bodybuilders
just in case you know um so 8 to 10 gr
per hour meaning in one hour your body
can only absorb we talking about weight
protein here liquid protein about 8 to
10 gram of liquid protein cuz it's going
so fast so think about this guys if you
took a protein shake right post workout
let's say 50 gr and these numbers are
for like the average individual so for
bodys it might I don't know it might be
a little different but it won't it
shouldn't be that much of a big
difference right cuz our bodies are the
same if you take 50 g away
protein P workout right two scoops
protein after you little workout drink
it you think okay I got 50 protein in me
right I'm I'm just going to put that in
my fitness spile and it's my body wrong
50 g of weight protein based on this
what does that tell you uh it's going to
take you how long to absorb that if
you're only absorbing let's say 10 G per
hour I mean that's not calculus it's
should be easy guys 5 hours it should
take you 5 hours if you're going at a
rate of 10 G per hour it should take you
5 hours to get 50 gam in but the problem
is only your body can only absorb what
it needs for 1.5 hour right so that
means in that 1.5 hour how much protein
did your body absorb before the rush got
before the rest got flushed out
about what 10 first hour 10 gram second
hour half of 10 15 gram 10 to 15 G that
means in 1 hour in one and A2 hour after
you took that 50 gr of protein that
looks mad suspect your body only took 10
to 15 G you know what happens to the
rest gone flushed out either in your
urine or your sweat or your faces or
whatever so a lot of us are wasting a
lot of our protein now the studies also
show something really interesting
because if you don't believe I said go
look at the studies whatever I'm just on
here you know what it's sh and it makes
a lot of sense like I said I look at all
these people who not taking that much
protein makes a lot of sense so out of
50 g of wheight protein or whatever
liquid protein you only got 10 or 15
gram you wasting your money right now
people thinking well what what can I do
can I should I take a little bit you
know every now and then which model will
work or the best way according to the
research is to take it with with foods
that increase your absorption rate you
know you want to take it with uh they
did a study where they showed somebody
who took one group of one group of
people about like I think it's like 20
people took 50 grams of protein with uh
without without anything else the other
group took it with uh enzymes you know
digestive enzymes I made a video showing
you guys the importance of eating Whole
Foods and vegetables and Foods because
they have digestive enzymes where they
find out the group that just took the
protein without the the the enzymes or
whatever only absorbed I think about 30%
of it I think I'm not sure I think only
about 30% uh and they measure this by
looking at like the nitrogen balance and
stuff like that amino acid profile all
that complicated [ __ ] and now a group
who took it with the enzymes you know
prot there's a lot of prot um enzymes
that help digest protein that group it
went from 30% to
120% think about it from 30 to
120 that's a big difference that's the
importance that's so if you take your
protein without enzymes this is what
happens you get about 30% absorption
rate or less I think it's a lot less and
if you take it with enzymes up to 120%
that's a big difference now where do you
get enzymes from once again you got to
be careful because those studies are
also sponsored by people that want to
sell you enzymes so Al be very careful
uh I haven't taken a lot of them so I
don't know if they work or not but what
I can tell you is eat your protein with
foods that contain enzymes foods that
are high in enzymes I could make a
separate video explain to you guys a lot
of foods that are high in enzymes and
now it makes sense cuz my uncle each of
those Foods all the time and now I see
why his body holds on to that protein so
much there nothing thing that steroids
do you got understand guys lot of people
take steroids because of the nitrogen
retention effect you know they don't
want the protein to get wasted out you
know to get wasted so they eat a lot of
protein and they have those those um
drugs that help the body recycle and
keep the um the protein in that's how
they get so [ __ ] huge but any I'm
going to make a separate video showing
you guys the foods that are high in
enzymes right hope this video helps man
stop taking huge amounts of if it's
working for you and you R you could
afford it by all means go but this is a
little budg muscle tired of wasting our
money we want to make sure the money
that we spend goes to where we wanted to
go just letting you guys know those big
ass scoops of protein shake you only get
this much out of it unless you're taking
it with you know enzymes and foods that
help digestion I'm going to make the
second video showing you guys uh those
Foods Hope the video helped man cuz like
I said I love knowledge I love learning
I'm curious and I just want to share my
in my what I'm looking for enthusiasm
with you guys I'm going the hard
language and pronounce all right hope
the video helps if it doesn't like it
anyway I'm out
