one of these four Foods is destroying
your testosterone levels leading to
difficulties putting on muscle or energy
increased body fat storage the whole
nine yards you guys already know the
deal by now but which one is it right
obviously one of them is significantly
worse than the other one and unless you
know that you're constantly Gonna Keep
on eating it and you're constantly going
to suppress your testosterone production
until you have a gonado so first I'm
going to read the comments see what
everybody else is saying then I'm going
to scroll back up give you guys the
correct answer and if I have enough time
I'll explain exactly why it's the
correct answer based on the scientific
evidence and what you can do to prevent
your testosterone levels from getting
constantly suppressed from the intake of
that food all right let's look at the
comments first all right so is it sugar
is it saturated fat is it seed of
vegetable oils or is it soy let's see
I'm really interested in this one I
could see the argument for any of them
interested to know also how the studies
were done uh let's see I say the sugar
see those but for my personal experience
too much sugar I can we feel the
difference you those are probably the
worst liquid ever created next I believe
saturated fat is actually good for chest
I take a lot of MCT oil medium chain
triglycerides by the way and animal
fatch definitely see those without a
doubt my best guess when the research I
read is that is we find sugar uh not to
be confused with sugars and fruit next
eight tons of sugar it gives me a nice
insulin Spike before the gym and causes
me down and boost my serotonin I have I
think I have a high cheek
um no he said I think and he said I've
actually all right next it's interesting
I do I do know of a study that mentioned
something about sugar lowering tea but I
haven't heard anything about sea
vegetables Lauren tea I think the study
was referring to processed or refined
sugar guys is it too long next would you
be interesting in debating a vegan about
the Cheetos soy thing guys debates of
some of the most useless things ever
because everyone just used the
confirmation bias and doesn't matter how
many studies you throw at them all
they'll do is simply say oh simple songs
are small this is this uh conflict of
interest like though you that literally
used the exact same arguments that you
could use at their own shitty study so
it's literally people just throwing
studies at each other and no one is
really objective about getting to the
Troops so I absolutely hate debates
um there's nothing you could do to
convince the person who thinks that
they're right you know it's like
religion you know but anyway uh
everything but the saturated fast I
honestly don't know can't wait for the
video I hope the YouTube algorithm She's
Fit to alert me when you publish it
um Shadow band so even if you hit the
notification Bell some people get it
some don't so we'll see can you please
make an updated video on actually
planning for body workout sure I mean I
could do another one I've done this so
many times and it's so so simple but
people just over complicate training but
sure next uh imagine online if they're
getting saturated fat delivering these
adequate amount of glycogen stores
uh to energize the conversion and all
right this guy knows what he's talking
about nice nice way to make the videos
on thyroid I go much
um deeper detail as far as a T4 T3
reverse C3 all that stuff
um let's see uh there's a reason you
don't want to be known as having
children today see those first sorry
second sugar I say sugar most sugar made
me insulin resistance I'm gonna go
across the sugar it has to be soy I'm
going with sugar
uh let's see I don't know Megan will
tell us see those I'd say see those but
I could see it going either way I'm
saying zero soil isn't that bad blah
blah blah blah blah let's see it I eat a
lot of sugar in my five minutes every
morning no way stories on here that's my
main testosterone booster oh God it's
definitely the refined carbs this list
could use Marco Plastics
I think it's vegetable oil excuse me
because that type of oil has been
invented for human consumption and the
sports results are generally pretty sad
yeah yeah sugar so I see those that's
really fat uh has vegetable oil that is
loaded with uh let's see you really
wants to know your opinion on seed oils
and horses like pumpkin sugar for sure
boom no way to see those two golden
um let's see I'm not sure
I'm looking for some good kind of my
diabetes playlist Maybe sugar
I'm curious I'm not so sure I know
that's just really can't really close
issues
let's see uh all right let's keep
scrolling down if you guys I was about
to say let me know if you guys see a
good comment as if this is live
um excessive sugar could be worse than
soy
wow I mean you gotta see why um again
this last one is declining you know most
people have no idea and that's not an
attack it's just most people are
uninformed because there's so much
information out there that's what my
channel is for clarato the BS from
looking at endless studies thousands not
just two three four five but anyway uh I
love to cook my chocolate
[Music]
got this wrong
um let's see let's see
see the horse so all right so let me
give you guys the correct answer now and
hopefully that answers most of your
questions right so the correct answer
um it's definitely not saturated fat
it's actually the opposite you need
saturated fat for testosterone
production
um I already made a video about this so
check it out uh it's not soy as much as
you know you know we all know that so
it's not ideal to stay androgenic but
it's not soy and that was between a and
C what do you guys think is it sugars
acetos it's actually not sugar the
correct answer is c one of the worst
foods you could put in your body for
destroying your testosterone as far as
the salsa production is concerned is
vegetable oils right corn oil soybean
oil you name it right everything except
olive oil olive oil is in a completely
different category it's not really a
seed I could make a video about olive
oil olive oil is actually goated for
testosterone it's full of
monounsaturated fats full of
antioxidants but it's on my seed oils
right 99 of the oils that you guys get
when you eat any fried foods
that is by far without a shadow of a
doubt if you look at the hundreds and
thousands of studies that are out there
on nutrients and testosterone a high
intake of poofas right polyunsaturated
fats mainly omega-6s right
um not so much omega-3 I could make a
different video about Omega-3s those are
actually the poofers that are good for
you as long as again you respect the
inverted u-curve but
poofas are the number one testosterone
destroying Foods right
and this is once again this is not out
for debate you guys know I don't take a
stance on anything unless the science is
overwhelming like the research is
overwhelming poofas are so bad
for testosterone production a bad
footage that's only bad for DHT which
you definitely want to maximize contrary
to what people tell you but stay tuned
for my videos on DHC and there are many
reasons I mean I could literally
list what proof was about for you right
they increase oxidative stress which
obviously increases inflammation they
increase cortisol their decreased lady
cell function they decrease as star
protein activation that decrease the
latest cell c a m p sick you know they
lower your vitamin E because your body
has to use so much vitamin E to [ __ ]
neutralize it and and deal with the
damage the the negatively affect
Androgen receptors that lower DHEA the
hydro Epi androsterone the increase
product and they increase cortisol they
increase estrogen in some studies I mean
I could they destroy them mitochondria
function I could go on and on and on and
on I'm probably missing probably 10 more
um actually I can make a dedicated video
on how horrible uh you know seed oils
and you know uh you know High proof of
intake is but long story short that is
the number one testosterone destroying
food out there and it's even worse than
sugar again
um keep in mind when I say sugar this
isn't I'm referring we find sugar
because natural sugar is actually good
for you but it's for a whole different
topic
so if you had to choose between putting
sugar if you put sugar in your body yes
you know we found sugar is bad but if
you active your body's gonna burn it you
know if you're not sedentary if you do
resistance training yes it's going to
temporarily lower testosterone but to be
honest most foods that you will lower
testosterone short term you know I could
make a video about Endo taxes and all
that stuff
um but you could deal with sugar you
know um you could as long as you're not
sedentary your body's going to process
it your liver is going to use it to
replenish the glycogen stores again if
you're active and also I could give you
some I could give you many instances
where sugar can be good for you again
depending on your activity level
you need a high carb intake for thyroid
ssbg and things like that so yes sugar
is bad
um we find sugar that is excess refined
sugar
um it leads to ages Advanced glycolation
and products blah blah blah we all know
sugar is bad but nowhere as bad
again I'm sorry my refined sugar not
natural sugars but nowhere as bad as
poofus it's not even close Okay so
enough even if you look at all the
difference if you look at the studies
that compare countries you know
countries States regions doesn't matter
if you equate everything else and you
control for just poofers just seed oils
and fried foods whatever it's clear as
day the places that eat the most seed
oils the most vegetables
have significantly lower testosterone
levels right we see it in humans we see
it in rats we see it in mice we do not
evolve to eat this garbage right you
could trace almost people think you
could trace all the um uh
sicknesses that we have today to sugar
right and that's partly true but it's
mainly but if you look deeper you could
trace significantly more of those
diseases to hypophantic it creates way
too much oxidative stress right because
remember guys it's probably unsaturated
fats so they're very very easy to
oxidize but they're very easy to break
apart they become free radicals they
start [ __ ] things up in your body I
could do a whole nerdy animation
presentation showing you guys exactly
what happens to your body when you eat
poofers right it becomes Ground Zero in
your body right lead paper oxidation
increases oxidative stress and
inflammation way more than just eating
sugar that doesn't mean you should eat
sugar once again there's always idiots
out there you know but like the straw
man it just means you want to
drastically reduce your um your proof is
right try to have
close to a one to one to two to one
omega-6 Omega-3 ratio and ideally try to
eat less than 20 grams of
polyunsaturated fats a day you know
ideally less than 20 obviously the lower
the better you don't want it at zero
obviously again inverter you got it
right you don't eat zero uh partnership
fast because your body cannot make them
but you also don't want to eat more than
10 or 20 grams all right and if you do
eat uh fried foods or um you use
vegetable oils but you shouldn't
especially to cook try to eat a lot of
vitamin E not medical device by the way
but you're gonna have to increase your
vitamin E intake to help deal with the
lipid peroxidation and things like that
but anyway without boring you guys with
the nerdy details number one food that
destroys testosterone is vegetable seed
oils throw that [ __ ] out whenever you
eat fast foods just know that they're
using this and it's going to crush your
teeth levels right hope the video helps
join the Discord subscribe like the
video if you want to boost the algorithm
most of my videos are demonetizing them
Shadow bands so make sure you support
the channel either way you can like I
said you could like the video you can
comment or you could just buy the book
from the website if not just consume the
free Nation because that's pretty much
wasn't a book anyway all right guys I'm
out of here all right guys don't forget
to like or share the video subscribe and
hit the bell and by my HSB nucleus of a
little training program she ultimate
program for maximum muscle growth it
includes full body workout splits bro
splits push-pull home workouts you name
it also comes with a complete guide for
macros nutrition fat loss monster growth
hormones including a meal plan it's
pretty much all my 16 years of
experience condensed into one [ __ ]
book you're also gonna get free copies
of any future Edition so visit
team3dalpha.com and you can use the 40
off coupon code nucleus overload or you
could just buy the share full price all
right guys I'm out of here
