why are polynesians you know samoans
pretty much pacific island is so damn
big and i'm talking about all ships and
sizes they can't get super buff they can
get baked from football rugby they can
get super fat if they want to kind of
like yokozuna if you grew up loving
wrestling like i did rikeshi umaga you
name it i mean these guys have some of
the best genetics when it comes to just
putting on side reason number one
polynesians actually have a gene that is
almost non-existent in the rest of the
world population but over 50 percent of
pollinators have it and it's a gene that
pretty much allows them to store fat
much easier than everybody why did they
evolve to have that gene it's all about
natural selection right you know
polynesians where some of the greatest
sailors in history these guys colonize
the you know most of the pacific ocean
which is massive and you can clearly see
why that gene came in handy right
because think about it these guys where
i see for long periods of time weeks
months who do you think is going to
survive you know a long-ass journey at
sea right obviously the fat person
