alright guys Megan here best full arms
of all-time high that we build
continuing with the series make sure you
guys watch the previous episodes on back
chest tribes shoulders and whatever else
I did I think that's the triceps already
anyway catch up to those alright
forearms best forms of all Tom quick
disclaimer this is going to be focusing
on the flexor part of your four homes
right not the brachioradialis alright so
Phil Heath will not be on this list I
know it's a big disappointment Phil if
he's known as the guy with the you know
some of the biggest forearms but really
what Phil he has is a big ass break your
righty outlets right as you can see this
muscle right here right compared to car
green as you can tell Kyle green up she
doesn't masturbate enough but yeah the
brachioradialis is what Philly has you
know that kind of stands out as far as
the flexor yeah you know he has some
decent flexors but not to make the top
five as you can tell this is the break
Corrales once again you know this part
but we focusing on the flexes alright so
let's get straight to it at number 5 we
have Sergio Oliva
Sergio is the regent put a minimum of 5
obviously because you had some big-ass
phones but he set the bar he was I
believe the og The Godfather for arms
Larry Scott was kind of up there but I
would say Sergio legal was you know the
Godfather for Holmes massive Popeyes
when you think Popeye forearms
it was Sergio you know his forearms
where I'm pretty sure bigger than his
[ __ ] neck is if you can tell by this
picture here oh maybe it's the [ __ ]
angle but yes surgery everything is not
opposed here he may dispose famous you
know to this day and everybody
essentially gonna see on the upcoming
pictures paid tribute to Sergio you know
when it comes to the forearms so and
also guys as far as what they did I'm
not gonna go into details because really
the same thing there's only that much
you could do for your forms you know
whiskers reverse curls hammer
Hammacher for the brachioradialis race
girls and reverse girls for both the
breaker italics and the flexes so
they'll pretty much do the same thing on
nothing that you have to remember is
they did a lot of preacher curls believe
it or not preacher curls is a great
exercise for your forearms think of most
people with big ass phones they have big
ass biceps and they also do a lot of
preacher curls you will very rarely see
somebody with big ass forearms and puny
biceps very very very very very rare so
just about doing a lot of heavy dumbbell
preacher curl you will develop your
phones but of course you're going to act
you know you want to add the reverse
cousin all that [ __ ] to maximize the
development alright so Sergio at number
five and number four we have a very
underrated bodybuilder third a surgeon
Jason who I can't pronounce the last
name I don't know if it's who or what
everybody's ATH I say who I fell Oh him
on Instagram from Tom and Tom I like his
philosophy you know training with a lot
of lot of volley or maximizing the pump
lifting heavy weights but also
maximizing the pump
doing a lot of time on attention quarter
reps sets things like that but um he has
some massive forearms and he's very
underrated in the form Department
auspice I think it's also because lap
coaches don't know about but I've been
following for very very long time
I like his mindset I like his philosophy
on bodybuilding you know thinking
outside the box and things like that but
it was another shot here massive
forearms massive [ __ ] phone look at
his flexor muscles guys insane insane
all right at number three ah this was a
tough one
Lee Priest Lee preset number three I
know a lot of guys were messaging me and
they were like oh bleep Lee is gonna be
number one and you see why you know but
leap with Stan number three and as far
as really pleased a force once again
remember I told you guys about people to
have great forearms also have some you
know great overall arms in terms of
biceps and even triceps Lee Priest is
also the holder one of the best songs
ever huge biceps huge triceps just
overall arm is massive and believe it or
not he doesn't do a lot for him you know
I mean back in the day he would do it
first girls you know hammer curls all
that [ __ ]
but he doesn't do it on foot forms and
he also believes a lot of value you know
very few of those guys have big forearms
doing low
while you know I actually fact I don't
even know any of these guys on the list
who trained with low-volume all of these
guys tranquil highest-value so maybe
there's a correlation there
there goes on a shot of the legendary
formerly please look at that [ __ ] guys
look at that just look at her sweep it's
funny how his forearms sweep is actually
like like the long head of your triceps
I wanna me it's like a tricep sweet
insane development all right
at number two we have none other than
one of my favorite bodybuilders of all
time Rolly Rolly [ __ ] Winkler oh my
god everywhere limpia I wait for him to
do this pose because just look and only
you see once again you see great
forearms look at his biceps look at his
triceps it's all together you know you
will rarely see somebody with great
forearms and shitty arms unless you know
let's use all my Popeyes but look at it
look at the size of his for Holmes lies
in [ __ ] Sain
I just love Rolly you know I'm a I'm a
mask I like I like mass monsters and
just roll Aegis up there but there was
not a shot here look at that insane form
development and as you can tell we're
looking at the flexors here sick all
right at number one I covered him before
in several videos on my nucleus overload
videos you know training the the muscle
everyday videos we have Frank [ __ ]
McGrath Frank McGrath has some insane
forearms the best in my opinion the best
forearms invited building history not
just in terms of size and vascularity
but just just just look the straight
monstrosity of his forearms and sure
enough you know he used to train his
forearms every day just like Johnny
Jackson to hold up the best raps in
history
heesu transforms every day when he was
younger he said the school used to go to
big girls used to love God for him so
every morning before going to school he
would just do a lot of for homework and
Prima's constantly working on the pump
you know pumping his columns every
morning and next you know based on the
nucleus of a little theory and my uncle
training theory when he started
bodybuilding he said his for homes blew
the [ __ ] up you know he'd ever have to
train them anymore they just blew
but um yeah you know Frank McGrath look
at his shot right here you know the
measurement is for home in st. he's
forearm is that what is this 1818
[ __ ] inch
so you [ __ ] kidding me you know
that's bigger than most people's arms
you know most people's legs if you think
about it now one was shot here in Saint
form so yeah guys that's it
you rested here it is best forms of all
time
Sergio Jason Lee Priest Roly the bees
and Frank McGrath
all right guys stay tuned for the next
video which will be on legs
I believe legs or biceps but state soon
came to the alpha like share comment and
I'll forget it write down your faq
questions in the comment section I copy
and paste them and I'm going to pick the
best ones peace out guys other segments
so go to the comment section and just
vote vote on what you think is your most
requested topic and then obviously run
ahead for most likes
in case let's say
