hey guys what going on Megan here how to
be Pa addiction I'm going to rank the
top 30 ways from best to worst this is
the best video you're going to watch on
how to be Pawn addiction like I always
say 99% of the advice out there
especially on this topic is garbage it's
completely trash make sure you watch my
longer video on this where I go over the
top causes upon PA addiction and you see
what I mean so make sure you watch that
video first cuz I'm going to try to skip
a lot of the technical stuff that I
covered here remember guys I was
addicted to the poem from the time I was
in my early 10 10 to 11 all the way down
to my late teens early 20s so it took me
over 10 or 11 years just to beat that
stupid addiction and I tried everything
you could think about guys I did the
noof FB BS I did C God I did everything
cention NOAB praying uh you know asking
Pastor God I tried everything because it
was destroying my life you know and
everything failed mainly because of what
I said earlier in the video most of the
ADV out there is garbage you know all it
does is push you into a vicious Loop of
streak fail feel ashamed and guilty
repeat streak you know my longest one
was six months and I did many many
streaks that was just my longest one
streak fail repeat streak fail repeat
right and it's not until I realize the
science and the history of uh you know
sex addiction and the endocrine system
and all that stuff that I was able to
break that addiction and help so many
other men do it right most of the advice
you hear out there on beating B
addiction is garbage but anyway let's
get straight to the video first let's
start with the most obvious one right no
fap that is literally F tier that is one
of the worst things you could do when
you're trying to be Pawn addiction that
includes no fap and cement retention and
I'm going tell you exactly why number
one it doesn't address the root cause
guys remember Pawn addiction like I
always say is a symptom it's a symptom
of a bigger problem it is not the
problem itself perfect example I could
give you guys is if I stab you and you
st bleeding bleeding is not the problem
as simple as it sounds the problem is
not bleeding yeah obviously if you keep
bleeding you're going to die but the
problem is not the blood the problem is
the wound I stabbed you and that is the
reason why you bleed right I have to
keep it simple for the idiots out there
same thing with porn the reason why
you're addicted to porn it's not because
oh look this guy's just watching porn
he's addicted to the porn oh look it's
so bad no it's because of root causes
that are not being addressed that's why
I get so mad when people put such a big
emphasis on stopping por Addiction in
instead up putting the emphasis on the
reasons why young men are addicted to
porn in the first place so the moment
somebody tells you if if you're trying
to quit porn addiction and the moment
somebody tells you oh man y you you
addict to the porn porn is so bad run
away run away they don't know what the
hell they're talking about because when
you make something because like I said
one they're not addressing the ru cause
and two the moment you demonize an
addiction listen carefully the moment
you demonize an addiction moment you
make somebody feel ashamed about an
addiction you actually Empower that
addiction you make it even even stronger
than originally was because humans are
naturally addicted to forbidden things
the perfect example I could give you
guys is if you walk into a room you
heard this example many times if you
walk into a room and somebody says hey
just wait here for 10 minutes I'll be
back normally you just sit there you go
through your phone right you look around
right no problem but if I say walk into
this room and look by the way there's a
box in the corner of this room you see
that box over there yeah I don't want
you to look inside that box I don't want
you to touch that box never look inside
that box you could you could walk around
the room you could wait for the 10
minutes but never look inside that F ass
box that box guess what's going to
happen in example a what I just told you
to wait in the room you're just going to
wait in the room you won't even think
about the Box in example B you're going
to spend the next 10 minutes trying your
hardest not to look inside the Box
simply because I said don't look and if
you eventually look you realize it's
empty they've done this experiments so
many times across the world the moment
you make something forbidden we want it
more so the moment you tell yourself I
have to stop watch your porn oh my God I
got to protect my NOAB streak oh my
goodness I can't see the moment you try
to demonize porn it actually makes the
addiction stronger and eventually you're
going to relapse and the opposite is
also true the moment you trust some
mighty don't worry about it you know
yeah you know obviously Pawn is the simp
a big issue but I need you to focus on
other things first and eventually it'll
take care of itself the moment you
remove the stigma and you stop
demonizing it slowly loses power because
now you're like oh there's no guilt
remember that cycle I told you guys
earlier the video the reason why I kept
failing and many others keep failing
that the thing is because I was so
addicted to that streak and that cycle
that every every time I failed I felt
ashamed I felt guilty I was also going
through my religious phase at the time
right and the guilt lowered my
confidence lowered my self-esteem and
guess what the moment you lower your
confidence and your self-esteem your
resolve goes down your willpower goes
down and now you want to medicate
yourself and how do you medicate
yourself back to more porn so it's an
endless cycle that's why I lose my my
[ __ ] whenever I see somebody telling
another guy you should try no F bro you
should stop watching P I literally lose
my [ __ ] cuz I'm like oh my goodness
they're going to put this man on another
10 to 20 year path just like I went
through and just like many other men
went through of this constant psycle
love I'm on day 17 fell on day 18 feel
like [ __ ] start over I'm on day 300 fell
on day 31 start over Ben there D that
been doing this for years consulted so
many men over the years it's the same
cycle guys and I know you as you're
watching this you like man Megan did you
read my mind cuz I know that's exactly
what everybody's going through cuz I've
been there you cannot demonize an
addiction if you're trying to get rid of
it right so no Fab seeming retention you
guys you don't have to believe me try it
try and if you're honest with yourself
you can you're going to write in the
comment section and say Megan you damn
right you are so right I've been there
I'm I made it through multiple days and
eventually I failed I felt guilty I felt
like crap my self-esteem went down and
then I went back to it over and over
again not to mention that there's so
many myths and and just half troops
around this entire movement but anyway
so this is going in F TI it does not
address the root cause it actually
demonizes Pawn which makes the addiction
stronger especially once you fail your
streak right it creates way too much
decision fatigue which I'm going to
mention soon right anything that that
creates decision fatigue is going to
make you relapse right because will
power goes down the more you use it
right throughout the day that is and it
does not check the rest of the boxes
needed to be on S right so no FB
retention garbage burn that get it out
of your mind the first step to beating
porn addiction is to remove the stigma
around it and to stop demonizing it the
reason why men are addicted to porn it's
simple one testosterone Mana hor there's
a reason why porn addiction really gets
extreme around puberty you guys think
it's a mystery that oh you just turn a
certain asan I don't know where you
dicted the porn number one is
testosterone obviously the rest of your
androgens and even astrod plays a role
number two is because men are extremely
alone think about it when was the last
time you watched porn surrounded by 20
different people right like I said
except for the we out there most of the
time people watch por is when they're
alone they're bored they have no purpose
they're broke they can't get asked they
have nothing to do and then boom they go
through social media they go on
Instagram they see something it starts
to trigger then they go on PornHub x
videos blah blah blah right so we need
to address those root causes as opposed
to porn addiction itself now guys when I
finally beat my addiction not only I
felt so free but por has no hold on me
because guys I could posst watch PA I do
not I give a [ __ ] right cuz I completely
removed that stigma around it and
because of that I could go months months
without watch your Pon and actually
forget I go holy [ __ ] when was the last
time I wash por so mean meaning I'm not
even actively trying to do no fap all
this [ __ ] it just happens because I
set up my life to make it so that the
root causes are taken care of when you
fix the root causes porn addiction
automatically vanishes if you stop
stabbing somebody they're going to stop
bleeding who rocket signs okay so anyway
let's let's go on to the next one I'm
going to start going fast now because
obviously I wasted too much time
debunking this nonsense next fixing
childhood trauma yeah I'm going to put
that in DJ or you know you could be
adictive to the P without child trauma
right like I said if you put a man in a
room make him bored make him have no
purpose leave him alone eventually he's
going to watch por it's literally
something that happens naturally you
know to human even animals fap you know
think about it monkey fap gorilla fap
it's a biological thing it's a very
powerful urge
mainly because of how the human body is
designed especially the male body and
the male brain remember guys the human
body has evolved to be absolutely
obsessed with sex I repeat the human
body especially the male body and the
male brain has evolved over thousands
and thousands of years tens of thousands
of years to be absolutely obsessed with
sex again unless you understand that you
will never break free from not only your
opponent addiction but also your life is
going to be chaotic because you're
always going to ask yourself what is
wrong with me nothing is wrong with you
the reason why men are obsessed with sex
is because sex is the number one driving
force for all living things it is
literally the goal of your DNA the goal
of your gut bacteria which obviously
control your behavior to a huge extent
look around you plants birds bees every
single thing around you is trying to
reproduce and in order for that to
happen because there's so many obstacles
in the path Evolution obviously natural
selection and sexual selection had to
select people that were quote unquote
extremely horny because the things you
have to do to pass on your jeans are so
hard and so tedious that the only way
Spees is going to make it is if you give
them an incentive to clap cheeks think
about it just look at men in order to
get a woman in order to keep them in
order to have kids and raise them and do
all of that nonsense just to pass on
your jeans you have to be obsessed with
sex because else you're going to be like
I mean think about it people who are not
obsessed with sex did not pass on their
jeans that did not work hard that were
not good Hunters that were not good
Fishers man they were not good Warriors
cuz they were like hey it's not worth it
why am I going to do all this work you
know go through all the Spain for what
meanwhile the ones who were extremely
Hony extremely driven are the ones that
passed on your jeans you are here today
because your ancestor was Hony as [ __ ]
you know study your history you see what
I'm talking about right so having a high
sex drive is not a bug it's a feature of
our species right but anyway so yeah so
this so childood trauma has nothing to
do with porn obviously it's going to
make it worse you know because it's
going to in directly affect your Mentor
H but fixing Tri trauma is not going to
do anything for your B addiction next
meditation again I'm a big fan of
meditation but that's going to help you
in many other things except fixing your
B addiction yeah shortterm it might give
you a bonus it might give you a little
boost on your journey but long term
you're going to relapse unless you
address the root causes so I'm going to
put meditation in C tier mainly because
it indirectly helps with Pawn addiction
right you can meditate as long as you
want if you don't address the root
causes you're going to relapse again
next we have joining Pawn addiction
support groups I'm putting that in
detail the only reason why I'm not
putting it in detail I'm going to
explain it on is because you're going to
be surrounded with people right and then
I'm going to mention that soon that's
one of the biggest uh causes of Pawn
addiction it's again loneliness uh so
that's the only reason why it's not in
FTA I would have put that [ __ ] in FTA so
fast uh but again the problem with the
support group is they break rule number
one right remember what's rule number
one is you cannot demonize Pawn if you
demonize it you Empower it so that's the
reason why joining a porn addiction
support group is horrible right now if
they don't demonize it right you are
setting yourself for failure but like I
said the biggest benefit is you're going
to be surrounded with people you're
going to meet more people and trust me
you guys do not have a big enough Social
Circle I've stressed this in almost
every masculinity and self-improvement
video stop being lonely and Weirdos and
stop blaming on oh I'm an introvert it
has nothing to do with that right you're
using as an excuse as a man one of the
worst things you could do remember
there's two things you should never do
as a man right remember I always talk
about this number one you shouldn't be
home all day that is cancer right except
for obviously extreme scenarios and
number two you cannot be alone we did
not evolve to be alone we evolve to be
social we evolved as a social species
we're always surrounded by loved ones
friends families even competitors for
99.9999999% of our existence right the
there's a reason why solitary five minut
is so damaging to the brain everyone
watching the video thinks oh yeah Aral
five minut I don't know why people go
crazy with it it's not it's not such a
bad deal it's not such a big deal yeah
you just wait you just wait until you
locked in the room for 7 days or two
weeks or a month your brain will
literally start going crazy that's how
deadly isolation is and a lot of you
guys spend days locked up in your house
or your room or whatever and you think
it's normal oh I'm just an introvert no
you're not you're a freaking loser you
need to do something about it stop
blaming your person now that you trade
for stuff like that again I'm not saying
go out to a bar go out to a party or you
know there's always a guy in the in the
comment section who wants to strawman
everything I say no I'm not saying you
need to go out there and be a freaking
[ __ ] and meet everybody in the street
no but you need to have some kind of
social interaction not to mention it's
going to make you level up as a man
anyway oh [ __ ] I picked the wrong image
there you go this the meditation one all
right now in fact let's address this
image this one is getting rid of social
media right again I'm going to put that
in detail the reason why it's so bad is
because again number one it's not
practical obviously you're going to need
social media I'm sorry you're going to
need social media uh not just to connect
with people to make friends but also to
learn people forget that YouTube is
social media [ __ ] you watching this
video right now on YouTube that's social
media right so it's not practical and
again it does not address the root cause
the root cause is not social media right
the rootle cause of Point addiction is
not social media the rootle cause is the
stuff that I mentioned earlier right you
have a low Trip s score you're lonely
you broke you get no ass all of that
stuff right so social media getting rid
of social media is not the solution so
that's why I'm putting it detail I'm not
going to put in F because obviously
there's some benefits to uh temporarily
cutting off social media for example I
cut up social media when I need to focus
and go on Research blogs research mode
things like that uh but yeah so as far
as P addiction goes nope because if you
cutting off your because if you're
cutting off social media all you're
doing is just delaying the inevitable if
that's your solution to get rid of Pon
addiction you should delaying the
inevitable and it's just going to come
back stronger and stronger so yeah I'm
putting that a d next lowering your sex
drop right I always tell guys you want
to give it to youron addiction right
just lower your testosterone lower your
sex Dr but obviously that's a shitty way
to go about it because as I mentioned
multiple times as a man your superpower
is your sex driver in a sense that the
hornier you are as long as you know how
to channel it the higher your chances of
success meanwhile the horny you are if
you don't know how to channel obviously
you're going to become a complete
failure but but I'm going to go into
more details uh a separate time but
lowering your sex drive even though that
is going to crush your uh Pawn addiction
right it's also going to make you less
successful because again men are mainly
driven by sex don't let nobody tell you
otherwise and no don't pull out no
freaking outlier once again and be like
oh so and so was successful but he's not
come on guys I'm talking about in
general your sex drive is your
superpower as a man I made many many
many posts about that I showed you guys
the science the history men have
literally conquered the globe because of
the sex drive so if you get rid of it
that's like you know trying to fix a
faulty microwave by cutting off your
electricity that's not a good way to go
about it because you need your sex drive
in I need you 6V as high as humanly
possible within context of Co so yeah so
I'm going to put that in F tier that is
not a way to beat your Pawn addiction
you don't try to crush your sex drive
you [ __ ] next we have once again you
know blocking pawn and all your devices
are hear that all the time oh just black
pawn horrible horrible horrible I'm also
going to put that in detail it's not
practical it does not directly address
the root cause it just delays the
inevitable uh it makes the addiction it
makes the addiction grows stronger
because again it demonizes the addiction
um the actual act so again that's in D
trust me B that done that I remember I
used to download so many different apps
and you know extensions and all whatever
nonsense they had you know just to make
it so I couldn't you know I couldn't
click on x videos or back then it was I
remember back then it was Bang Bus I
used love Bang Bus guys oh man watch my
video where I go into the stories the
hilarious stories how bad my addiction
was um but yeah yeah blacking it is just
going to delay the inevitable and like I
said it just makes the addiction grow
stronger because you're making it
forbidden right so it's going to
actually increase your dopamine way more
you're going to get a lot more pleasure
from watching Pawn after you remove the
blocking device because that's what
people do they blocking and after a
while they remove uh the the blocking
extension whatever and it's actually
going to give you a bigger dopamine
Spike than if you had not blocked Pawn
which is again why I keep saying that
you should not demonize things because
it actually gives you more pleasure
when you return to it right because of
the whole forbidden thing all right so
uh that's DJ next pray and confess your
s oh my goodness F tier get that crap
out of here man you guys already know my
view and religion so I'm not going to
beat a de hor over that but that is one
of the worst ways to be born addiction
because of what I already explained you
know again you're demonizing the act so
you're going to make it stronger R and
repeat you know you're going to be stuck
in that cycle so yeah so that's F tier
get that nonsense out of here next we
have destroy your testosterone levels
like I said earlier right if nuclear
testosterone right your body's going to
have no DHT no testosterone no estrad
and your sex drive will plummet right
you want to try that good luck so
obviously I'm going to put that in F
that's a horrible way to uh deal with
por addiction all right next we have do
painful things daily right and I put
cold show as an example you know it's
just a simple example when I say painful
I mean productively painful things I
have to put those disclaimers out there
every time cuz it's always going to be
the idot straw man you know what do you
mean painful things should I cut off my
ball no I'm talking about productively
painful things right so that is actually
going to go in s here for many many
reasons if I go into the details this
video is going to be already longer than
it is but guys doing painful things
daily is probably the if I could put
that in the pill it's probably one of
the best things you could do and when I
said productively painful I mean
exercise cold immersion you know
sparring Combat Sports exposing yourself
to rejection you know just things that
cause productive pain meaning they cause
you pain but they also make you level up
that's one of the best things you could
do as a man not only it's going to give
you a ton of endorphins but it's going
to sensitize your dopamine receptors
people try to do all these dopamine
detox this this and that guys the best
way to increase your dopamine
sensitivity cuz I always tell you guys
it's not about the hormone it's about
the receptor and the signaling but the
best way to increase your damine
signaling the best way to lower dopamine
breakdown the best way to enhance the
wom receptors and all of the other stuff
guys is to Simply expose yourself to
pain daily guys remember happiness is
simply pain relief I repeat happiness in
a nutshell it's simply pain relief when
people say I want to be happy and they
don't understand I'm like you're too
comfortable of course you're not going
to be happy right because happiness
mainly comes when we're relieved of
something that used to bother us think
about it the best example is negative
visualization if I tell you sit there
and visualize the worst thing that could
happen to you and your family for 5
minutes you're going to go through a
period of pain you're going to be like
oh my my goodness I'm seeing horrible
things and when you open your eyes and
you realize oh [ __ ] that that was all in
my head that didn't happen my family is
still alive my loved ones are still
alive you get a a spike in happiness
even though nothing happened right
happiness is simply pain relief guys
right you don't believe me speak to War
veterans they are the happiest when they
actually removed from the front lines
speak to people who were in dangerous
situations one of the best things that
ever happened to them was literally
being removed from that dangerous
environment right and if you scan that
brain you will see all the freaking
happy chemicals the oxytocin the
serotonin everything going parabolic
right and I can explain the mechanisms
more but again I want to focus the video
on P addiction but long story short one
of the best things you could do every
day as a man on his self-improvement
journey is to shower yourself with pain
on a daily basis I don't care if it's
doing exercises you hate for example me
I I do squats almost every time I go to
the gym because I hate squats you know I
do have benching even though I hate
benching I run I jog I mean look for
things that you hate to do but that are
good for you and that are painful but
again painful but not enough to destroy
you but you know just enough to release
those endorphins it will make you
tougher it will reduce your anxiety like
crazy it would improve your confidence
it will improve your your self-esteem I
cannot stress this enough I if I if I
could turn this into a pill into a
supplement into a product trust me I
would pain pain pain next beating your
video game addiction I'm actually going
to put that in a tier right most people
don't understand this they're like oh
I'm trying to beat my Pawn addiction i'm
like [ __ ] fix your video game addiction
first because one of the reason why
you're addicted to the pawn is because
you play too many video games what do
you mean me where's the link think about
it and once again this is coming from
somebody who was addicted to video games
guys I'm I was so addicted to video
games that I have rules in place now
where obviously video games are not evil
but I have rules in place where even
though I'm supposed I'm supposed to give
myself a cool down period on my daily
routine where after a certain time I
have to relax and play games I actually
try my best to avoid it because it's
going to you know start the addiction
again and right because my brain is so
addicted to video games that I could
play games for hours straight 10 12 15
hours and think that a minute went by
especially when my ADHD is even worse
right so I actually have to avoid video
games like to play again I don't
demonize it but I try to avoid it as
much as possible because of how easy it
is for me to get lost in a video game
even though I literally give myself the
permission to play at least an hour
video games a day you know I just don't
do it because I'm like you know I could
give you a mlion me while I don't do it
but you know cuz again like I said you
don't want to demonize addictions but
yeah video games are that freaking
addicting to people like me and if you
spend hours of your time playing video
games you actually going to make your
point addiction worse because one you're
going to be home all day which is a big
no no two you going to be alone yeah
digitally going to have people that you
talking to all that but there but you're
going to be alone in your room and three
you're not like always say you're not
leveling up in the real world that's the
reason why I bash video games so much
because you guys are bragging about oh
yeah look I Platinum this I got this I
got that in the real world nothing to
show for it I've been saying this for
over a decade video games trap your
brain they trick your brain into
thinking that you making progress which
is what the St one evolve to do to make
you level up in status to make you
compete Right video games trick your
brain into doing that virtually so
you're stuck in a loop where your the
stone is increasing you're like yeah
yeah I got this new weapon I got this
trophy I Platinum this gun da d d
meanwhile and at the end of the day you
spent all your Tas one on BS right and
at the end of day you got nothing to
show for it you alone you bored no girls
and what do you do PornHub right so you
need to check your opponent the only re
I'm not putting this in ass because like
I said you know you don't want to
demonize playing video games don't trust
me there are good things about video
games I could make videos explaining the
good post of video games obviously just
not going to get any views cuz nobody
cares but if you prone to VI to game
addiction and spend hours doing it
unless it's your career avoid it next
you be exhausted by the end of the day
that is one of the best things you could
do to combat Pawn addiction I'm going to
put that in a that helped me so much
back in the days remember if you stay
home all day and you bored you don't do
anything you're full of energy full of
testosterone as a teenager whatever
you're going to end up relapsing you're
going to end up fing you're going to end
up watching por over and over again
right make sure you exhausted by the end
of the day one it's going to make you
fall asleep fast which you guys know
sleep is the foundation of almost
everything I preach right sleep and diet
but one of the worst things you want to
do is have a ton of energy and to SL one
in your balls at 10: p.m. 11:00 p.m.
midnight right at that time your
decision fatigue is through the roof
your willow is low and the easiest thing
to do is to just open your phone and fap
right so make sure you exhausted by 700
p.m. right 7 to 5:00 p.m. as a man you
should be exhausted exhausted from
training from cardio from sparring from
doing your daily routine from hanging
out with people you know you should be
exhausted right in fact think about it
that's how we evolve at night we were
tired because we went out hunting for
hours playing with the kids in the
village and all that stuff right like I
said you want to learn optimal living
conditions for humans study hunter
gatherers because we were hunter
gatherers for 99% of our existence right
by night time you should not have energy
you should not have testosterone your
testosterone should be close to 300 na
per death lader at night time obvious
I'm exaggerating but you get the point
all right cuz remember high tea plus
energy plus boredom plus loneliness
equals por addiction every single time
next we have stop being home all day
again that's in s tier oh my goodness I
cannot stress this enough being home all
day is one of the worst things you could
do as a man and you're going to hear me
say this for as long as I live every
single time I spent too much time at my
house by myself as a teenager and
getting my early 20s even now even now
if I find a way to somehow stop working
and stop doing my daily routine and stop
doing my responsibilities and I just
lock myself in the door don't talk to
anybody all day long I can guarantee you
the POR addiction is going to start to
creep back in again so I'm not going to
go into more details cuz I already
explained it earlier in in the beginning
of the video but that's one of the worst
things you could do as a man now again I
understand some people some people work
from home for example I trade stocks so
I work from home I'm a consultant I do
that from home right but when you're
done working find a way to get the [ __ ]
out of that house right go out for a
walk go hang out with friends go out and
eat you know if you're working a 9 to 5
then you're already outside great but do
not stay home all day especially if
you're isolated next then this one was
going to shock a lot of people but it
worked again it worked for me when
everything else failed it's so funny cuz
I call this intermittent
fapping right and what this is is you
make you make sure that you only fap at
a certain time of the day which is
usually at night or in the evening and I
know it sounds crazy but it works like a
Trum cuz like I said you don't want to
demonize addictions and the more you
tell yourself that you're not going to
do something the more you make it number
one it drains your willpower you
accumulate decision fatigue and number
two it makes addiction stronger right so
one trick that I found and it worked for
me like a charm was telling myself okay
Jonathan I'm not going to fap unless I'm
done doing my daily routine I'm not
going to fap until late at night and it
number one it delayed the Pac and Spike
from fapping all day and number two it
allowed me to actually get stuff done
during the day right so this I'm going
to put this in a that is one of the cuz
remember guys you're going to fap anyway
right you're going to fap anyway so you
might as well start doing it one step at
a time when you're trying to stop doing
something start slow instead of saying
I'm going to quit cold turkey that [ __ ]
never works it never works right in
order to quit C turkey first do anim
minute faing as I call it not fasting
I'm not talking about an minute fasting
right it's a it's a joke that I came up
with and I'm INE fapping meaning only
after 8: or 9:00 p.m. or whatever tons
and tons and tons of benefits and over
time because you're going to accomplish
so much during the day it's actually a
trick it's a way to trick your brain
into being exhausted at the end of the
day so what I ended up happening for me
was I would tell myself okay I'm not
going to fap I'm not going to fap until
9:00 p.m. and I will end up working I
will end up going to the gym I will end
up exercising and more often than not I
was too tired to fap so it it's like it
tricked my brain into
quitting my opponent addiction without
making it a direct goal which like I
always say it's the number one way to
quit addictions you want to trick your
brain you want to put yourself in
positions where you're not doing it
without actively trying to resist it so
try and a minute fapping especially if
you're very addicted and you see over
time it's going to you're going to
naturally be win completely off of it
all right I got to go really fast now
next making a ton of money that's that's
the ultimate goal of every man make a
ton of money like I always rant about
don't let no one tell you that money is
is not important and all that BS right I
used to believe that when I was younger
it is just nonsense every the core of
self-improvement is increasing your
skill set increasing your Social Circle
increasing your competence increasing
all of those
aspects because that directly and
indirectly lead to you making more money
you being a better father a a better
partner a better friend a better leader
you cannot make the world better when
you broke I I will die on that hell you
cannot make the world better when you
broke
everything that you need to do to
improve as a man and to make people
around you better which is the goal of
masculinity that's the goal of Team 3D
Alpha is should make the world better
through competence right money is going
to be the obstacle right and what does
that to do with por addiction very
simple if you broke well more more often
than not it's going to be hard for you
to get a girl it's going to be hard for
you to have a good Social Circle you're
going to hang out with freaking losers
all day that are going to drag you down
and keep you down right and it's
indirectly going to lead to you going
right back back down and upon addiction
trap again because again you're going to
be home all day you're going to be full
of energy CU you got nothing else to do
and unless you're a 8 n 10 out of 10
child you're going to get no cheeks I
mean I could go on and on right do not
be broke guys teenagers who are watching
this video don't make the mistake I made
thinking oh money is evil I don't care
about money yeah you're going to end up
working a 9 to5 for the rest of your
freaking life and you're going to be
miserable and broke and and remember
money is simply the result of solving
problems so the more problems you solve
multiply by the amount of people equals
the amount of money you're going to make
that's all it is money indirectly
measures how good you are solving
problems next all right I got to go
really fast now fixing your mental heal
that's obviously going to go in s Ste
because like I said por is not the
problem it's the root cause of a bigger
problem and the problem is mental health
you home all day you bored you have no
purpose you have no mission in life blah
blah blah blah blah so fix your mental
health and porn addiction will advantage
next we have increase your confidence
again I'm going to put that in a tier
the only reason why it's not in s
because you could be addicted to
opponents to have very high confidence
it's the only reason why it's not an S
tier uh but it's definitely going to
help with porn addiction indirectly by
increasing your Triple S score that I
always talk about that's another reason
why I say do not demonize porn because
it's going to lower your confidence
every time you relapse and as a man you
need to guard your confidence with your
life the same way I tell you to guard
your sex drive and guard your
testosterone your confidence your
fearlessness is everything next find
your purpose I'm also going to put that
in a here you got to find your purpose
cuz again that's going to fix the
boredom problem that's going to fix the
loneliness problem a lot of you guys out
there have no purpose you're just
scrolling on social media all day you
have no mission in life no purpose no
direction right remember that's the
third letter of Team 3D right dominance
discipline Direction this where
Direction comes in right finding a
purpose that BS the world right find
something you obsessed at something you
good at and make sure it benefits the
world right it's going to keep you busy
it's going to keep you out of your
freaking house all day it's going to
stop you from playing video games games
all day right and indirectly it's going
to fix the point addiction next we have
finding your ay guy I beat a dead horse
over this that's an S tier right
remember do not confuse finding your iy
guy with finding your purpose your
purpose is part of your iy guy right
because you can find your purpose and
still be broke whereas iy guy is purpose
plus money right and a bunch of other
things but yeah as a man you should know
your iy guy as early as possible it's
very simple guys I broke it down in many
posts I actually came up with my own
version of the iy guy because I feel
like the original modotto was missing
too many things but long story short the
original motto is find something you're
good at find something that makes you
money find something the world will
benefit from and find something that you
love to do right my version of it is
find something you obsessed with not
just that you like or that you
passionate about no find something
you're obsessed with number two find
something you genetically talented at
not just good at right you could do back
flips that doesn't mean it should be
your ay guy right find something you
genetically talented at simply meaning
when genetically good at simply means
you learn it faster than others given
the same amount of effort and work right
so number one find something you're
obsessed with number two make sure you
genetically good at it number three make
sure you could get paid number three
make sure the world needs it number four
make sure that you personally need the
product or the service or whatever or
could benefit from it or somebody that
you love could benefit from it and
number five make sure you could do it
better than the competition that's my
version of the iy guy I got to find a
cool name for it but yeah f y you got
guys I cannot stress this enough how is
that going to fix Point addiction well
it checks every single box you won't be
home all day you won't be bored you
won't be lonely you won't be a loser you
won't have a low Triple S score you
won't be cheekless and unattractive
physically and mentally trust me this
will check every single mental health
issue you have next we have combat
boredom I'm going to put that at a you
got to stop being bored right you got to
find ways to St being bored which is why
again knowing your iy guy is going to
fix this issue right if you are bored
and you have a decent amount of testone
doesn't have to be super high you will
fap it it's just inevitable like I
always say your body has evolved for sex
testone has evolved for sex so if you
don't chase it in the real world it will
your body will make you Chace it in the
virtual world which is what Bon is right
so find a way to stay busy be active
never let bordom creep in you should
never be bor as a man I say this all the
freaking time next we have a big Social
Circle make sure you make a lot of
friends make sure you know a lot of
people make sure you have ways to stay
busy I'm going to put that in a tier
right cuz again that's going to fix the
loneliness problem it's going to help
you with your iy guy it's going to help
you with your social skills I mean I
could I could go on and on about the
benefits of growing your Social Circle
right again I'm not saying to be a a
party hall or none of that but but grow
your Social Circle you can't have I'm
not saying be best friends with
everybody right but grow a Social Circle
you cannot be a lonely weirdo in your
mom's basement for the rest of your life
next this one is very controversial but
again it worked for me uh it's very
similar to my anim Min fapping technique
that is using porn as a reward yes I
used that and it worked like a charm
when I was addicted so again I would
tell myself just like my intermittent
fapping technique I would tell myself
okay okay you cannot watch this unless
you finish your daily routine for the
day so that motivated me because
remember because remember my brain is
obsessed with gamification right that's
why that's I was a video game addict
right my brain loves challenges and
rewards at the end you know challenges
rewards level up system very schedules
of reinforcement blah blah blah so back
then I would tell myself all right you
got to go to gym you got to you got to
run for about an hour you got to do all
of these things and if you do then at
the end you could watch B and the reason
why it worked so well was because it
indirectly kept me busy it indirectly
kept me out of the house it
indirectly made me exhausted at the end
of the day it it indirectly got me off
the video game you see like I keep
saying you want to indirectly address
the problem when it comes to oppon
addiction and on the days that I wanted
to to fap after doing all of that I faap
I didn't give a cuz that was part of the
plan and long story short over time I
became more successful using that
technique and it automatically weaned
myself off of my born addiction which is
what I tell you guys it's the ultimate
goal you want to get to a point in your
life where you're not doing no fap you
you created a life that doesn't even
allow you to do it because you're over
surrounded by people you have more
confidence you have access to sex in
Spades right that is the key so anyway
so I'm going to put that in a tier that
is a great technique cuz again people
say oh but but but but you telling
people to fap [ __ ] you're going to fap
anyway so you might as well use it in in
a strategic tactical way to make you
increase your Triple S score to make you
level up in life so that eventually you
wean yourself off of it right next
avoiding being alone again that's very
similar than you know being home all day
and surrounding your stuff with people
right so going to put that in a chair
you want to avoid being alone right make
sure you always surrounded with either a
competitor right so join MMA jym and
boxing make sure you're always competing
or leveling up or you with your friends
or you at work make sure you are never
alone and when you are alone at night in
the evening cuz you got to go to sleep
you should be exhausted so that's that
cycle that I talked about where you make
it so that you don't fall into the
Temptation because you just don't even
have the ability to you exhausted you
tired and there were times where I came
home and I was so exhausted back in my
opponent addiction days that I just fell
asleep I literally forgot to check the
bone cuz I was just exhausted and that's
the plan that's the goal right be
strategic with this [ __ ] right so again
avoid being alone because loneliness is
a magnet for Point addiction next stop
demonizing Pawn you guys already know
that's like at the very beginning of s
tior I made too many rant about that the
more you demonize Pawn the more powerful
it becomes the more you demonize Pawn
addiction the more powerful it becomes
so number one rule to be Pawn addiction
is stop demonizing now I joke about por
I laugh about it like I said I could
pull out my phone right now pause the
video watch por on beat my M if I want
and get right back to work I've
destroyed that addiction to the point
where now it's just funny right you want
to get to that point right now I joke
about it I laugh about it meanwhile
doing my addiction days oh my goodness
it was a thorn at my side and I wish I
had this advice back then next build a
muscular SL strong body I'm going to put
that in a TI and the only reason why
it's s s is because you could be soil as
[ __ ] and still addicted to the porn
right but it's going to check so many of
the boxes
it's going to increase your Triple S
score it's going to it's going to keep
you out of the house it's going to make
you meet people it's going to make you
exhausted at the end of the day it's
going to make sure you're not alone I
mean I could go on and on building the
the the journey to building a strong
powerful body is going to keep you away
from P addiction like I said it's not in
s because you could get to this point
and still be addicted right but it
definitely helps next automating your
life having a daily routine checklist
you guys know I swear about this I've
I've been I made so many videos about
this going back over 10 years guys one
of the best things you could do is to
automate your life have a daily routine
when you wake up make sure it's in
chronological order and you just check
that [ __ ] off as the day goes by one of
the best things you could do if you're
struggling with por Addiction in fact
it's one of the best things you could do
for everything you know for life in
general for success to be to make more
money to get in shape I mean automating
your life is key it's going to reduce
decision fatigue especially if you
managing a million things like me like I
manage so many things trading Consulting
give you guys all this free information
writing gym being a dad being a I mean
I'm maned so many things the endless
research that I do that if I don't have
a daily routine my whole life collapses
have a daily routine make sure it's in
chronological order make sure it's
gamified if you're a video game addict
especially if you have ADHD like me or
you have the warrior Gene make
sure again when I say War I'm referring
to CT not MMO but yeah make sure you
have a DA routine make was automized put
that [ __ ] on the checklist and just
check check check check check throughout
the day it's going to keep you busy and
trust me you will not have time to was
por next maximize your testosterone and
your DHT I'm not going to beat a dead
hoes about this but you guys know that's
going into a tier the only reason why
it's stand s is because that's actually
going to increase your sex drive even
more so if you obviously dict to the
point it's going to make it make you
watch B even more um that's the only
Reon why it's St s TI and also because
you could have high testost in DHD and
still be addicted B but you guys already
know why it's going to increase your
trip s score lower your anxiety right
increasing your testosterone and your
DHD and your n Androgen signaling your
Androgen receptors blah blah blah that's
going to check every single box that you
need to indirectly avoid porn right
you're going to be outside more you're
going to be competing more you're going
to be surrounded by people you're going
to be you know you're going to have a
girl you're going to have a booty call
or whatever access to mates access to
resources I could go on and on and on
the benefits of high te and high DHT and
high enogen receptors blah blah blah is
endless next we have getting a girl or
booty call I'm not talking about
marriage you guys know I'm against
marriage for 99% of men right there's a
small percentage of men that I believe
should be married but other than that
you guys know I think marriage is a
complete scam uh for most men you know I
got to put that disclaimer out there
because there are people who will do
great in marriage um and there are
people who are marriage and happy but
for most men I still believe that
marriage is a complete scam um unless
you find that quote unquote special
woman but come on guys every every
divorced woman with wants the right
woman right on the daily the altar
nobody thinks I'm going to divorce this
[ __ ] in two years no right so that's
why I don't like the oh well you know if
you find the right one yeah everybody's
the right one in the beginning so long
story short yeah I don't want to go on
the marriage R but uh I'm talking about
having a girlfriend a booty called
friends of benefits whatever I'm going
to put that in at right you guys need
cheeks you are virgins you are alone you
you are you unattractive both physically
and mentally and like I always tell you
guys you do not have to be attracted you
don't have to be a n out of 10 to clap
cheeks I'm one of the ugliest dudes that
ever lived and I've clapped more cheeks
than most of you guys watching right so
it's not just about physical attraction
it's also mental attraction that's the
benefit that we have as men guys is that
Us Men We mainly attracted to how a
woman looks meanwhile women are also
attracted to not just looks but
mentality status that's what the Triple
S called security status sexiness so if
you look like [ __ ] well obviously do the
best that you can to at least look
decent but increase the other aspects of
your life that's the key but long story
short get a girl get access to cheeks
trust me that's going to help you a lot
um and the more girls the better all
right you guys know men are not
monogamous we we are not we did not
evolve to be monogamous that that's a
completely made a BS system by
politicians and religions don't get me
wrong there's reasons for monogamy there
are benefits monogamy such as like I
said raising a child you know um keeping
the crime rate down right so I'm not
entirely against monogamy
but biologically we did not evolve to be
monogamous men evolve to be polygamous
as the only downside of polygamy is like
I say higher crime rate high STDs and it
is horrible for raising a child um in
most circumstances not all but most so
the only time I would tell man to settle
down you know is when they have a kid I
I I would I would die a hell once you
every kid you got to find a way you know
to you know settle down find a good
woman but prior to that clap away all
right next avoiding decision fatigue I'm
definitely going to put that in B here
right that's another reason I no F sucks
but long story short avoid decision
fatigue meaning avoid wasting your
willpower on nonsense avoid wasting
micro decisions on nonsense make sure
your willpower is as high as possible
and it's being used for things that have
a high return on investment a high
return on effort right because decision
fatigue is going to make you cave in
your vices trust me and last but not
least educate yourself on the science
and history of sex sexual behavior the
Endocrinology behind it the history
behind it all of that stuff I'm going to
put that in B here right that's very
important in your fight against bone
addiction because it's going to dispel
the myths and it's going to equip you
with the tools and tactics that you can
uh leverage to turn your sex drive into
productive as opposed to something
destructive all right guys hope this
video helps sorry it was way too long I
was supposed to make this a 10 20 minute
video but then I went up tance but
whatever like sub subscribe support the
channel grab copies of the ebooks I'm
out
