hey guys what's going on megan here holy
mother of god look how jacked this cat
is i'm supposed to make a video on this
months ago but i was waiting for more
pictures to come out because so far
that's the only one that we have
shout out to b smith from reddit for
posting that but guys
beerus has entered the chat look how
jacked this cat is and to give you an
idea this is what sphinx cast usually
looks like right look at the difference
in gains right look at the difference
look at the bicep the tricep the
shoulders and this cat is just laying
down minding his own business looking
out the window looking for the next cat
cheeks to clap little does he know that
we are drooling over these gains and we
wish that we also have mutations
in our myostatin gene keep in mind this
cat just like every other milestone
deficient animal and milestone efficient
human
has normal levels of testosterone normal
androgen receptor function yeah it is
that jack so just imagine what would
happen if you injected this cat with
every anabolic steroid out there imagine
this cat combined with deca trend or
testosterone based and obviously dhc
there it is this cat will be even bigger
than what we're actually looking at and
imagine if the cat resistance train on
top of that by anyway all of this
because of one simple gene now you guys
see why i am so in love with the
myostatin pathway and why in the last
decade i've been telling you guys over
and over again my stand is the future of
bodybuilding because everything else we
do in the gym everything we do as far as
nutrition getting enough calories enough
protein enough carbs getting enough
weekly volume progressively overloading
everything we do in the gym boils down
to one single goal and that is obviously
to lower the amount of my stat and
activity we have in our bodies but as
you guys know it only lasts for about
eight to 24 hours depending on how
trained you are so every single time you
go to the gym the main goal is to
obviously lower my style and mrna and
lower myostatin binding to the active
into b receptor and also increase
phallus style in order to block the
effects of myostatin which is why
nowadays i don't even listen to anybody
or take any piece of research seriously
unless they're related to the myostatin
g now obviously if you need more
information on my stat and you can watch
my previous videos i have a whole
playlist dedicated to my style and in
fact this is what monday
segment is based on my style monday
where we just talk about everything
related to my statin so if you're new to
this get caught up on the old videos
i'll fast forward to the end of the
video where i'm just gonna copy and
paste all the basic information but back
to this goddamn cat man insane muscular
development with zero training and zero
steroids and believe it or not guys like
i said this is the future they've been
working on technologies to delete the
myostatin gene in patients who are
suffering from sarcopenia wasting away
from cancer hiv blah blah and the first
company to come up with a way to
obviously use maybe crispr
uh technology to completely delete the
myostatin gene without the negative side
effects that come along with that
are gonna make billions of dollars and
of course bodybuilders are going to hop
on it the moment it comes out
um
gene doping is already an issue in some
parts of the world where people are
injecting themselves watch my video on
the philosophy virus uh when i injected
a monkey and made him solely [ __ ] but
people already experimenting with this
[ __ ] because again if you find a way to
completely neutralize myosite and
without the negative side effects then
you will build an insane amount of
muscle without even training which is
what makes it so attractive for the
health care industry right because a lot
of patients are just bedridden and they
can't exercise they can't lift weights
they can't progress overall they can't
do any of that [ __ ] right so they are
desperately looking for ways to
completely neutralize my satin and they
have some success on animals once again
watch my previous videos you see what
i'm talking about but the issue is it's
very hard to completely neutralize or
delete the myostatin gene in humans at
least until crispr technology came out a
few years ago the best thing we could do
right now guys again if you're familiar
with my videos you already know this
high volume high weekly volume high
frequency perfect nutrition perfect
recovery that is the number one way that
as a natural you could keep my statin
down regulated because remember
the reduction in my statin you get from
training only lasts for about hour it
peaks in about eight hours right so
that's why every 24 hours you gotta hate
that muscle
especially if you've been training for a
long time because the bigger you get and
the longer you've been training the
harder it is to keep myostatin down for
a significant period of time if you're
natural of course if you're on steroids
and obviously it's a completely
different story because you're keeping
protein senses elevated and you're
neutralizing the increase of myostatin
by regulating testosterone to follow
statin and also to the igf-1 pathway but
again that's a different topic for a
different video also let me know what
you think about the potential the future
of gene doping if the technology became
available to the public
would you delete your myostatin gene
would you inject yourself with the
phylostatin virus assuming there are
zero side effects let me know what you
guys think obviously you guys know mine
sir i don't think i would
mainly because what i used to enjoy
about bodybuilding was the journey the
progress the the process of building
muscle
slowly seeing the changes in the mirror
you know which is another reason why i
refuse to hop on steroids because i
actually enjoy the process of building
muscle and studying the human body and
it's almost like a video game to me it's
like farming for this armor or farming
for this badass weapon in a in a
difficult video game so i'm not a big
fan
of the idea of using drastic shortcuts
that's just me that's just how my brain
works i like to work for everything that
i have but you know i understand some
people have different opinions i know i
have a lot of friends who would hop on
this [ __ ] in a heartbeat you know and
again if you if you're in that category
i don't judge you we are different we
all have different things that motivate
us but yeah let me know in the comment
section guys if the technology came out
with zero side effects to delete your
myostatin gene again with zero side
effects would you take it would you hop
on it or would you prefer to just do it
my way which is your strain high volume
high frequency and keep my eyes standing
down naturally let me know what you guys
think also don't forget to join the
reddit
where we have a lot more of these
conversations now as i promised earlier
in the video for those of you guys
already familiar with how my statin
works and the latest research behind it
how it relates to
uh what you do in the gym and nutrition
blah blah blah the video ends here but
for those who want more detailed
explanations on my satin here is the
copied and pasted summary all right i'm
out of here all right so long story
short my statin is a gene it's a protein
that your body makes and his job is
pretty much the limit how much muscle
you could put on right if it wasn't for
myostatin it will all walk around like
the [ __ ] hulk right so that's four
main things
it stops protein sentences
it increases protein breakdown it lowers
satellite cell activation
and it makes you insulin resistant which
obviously leads to less muscle more fat
so pretty much it makes your skinny fat
phylostatin on the other hand it's
another protein that your body makes and
it does the opposite of myostatin right
it stops myostatin from activating its
effects to its receptor it also stops
active in a so this is the most anabolic
molecule
in the human body phylostatin
even more anabolic than testosterone in
fact testosterone testosterone's effects
are mainly mediated through phylostat
here are some examples of what happens
when your myostatin levels are too high
for example the reason why your legs
shrank when you put them in a cast so
you immobilize for a long time is
because myostatin levels go up the
reason why hiv and cancer patients lose
a ton of muscle so fast is also because
the myostatin levels go up
and the reason why astronauts lose a ton
of muscle mass in space is because once
again when you go into space in a low
gravity environment my stand also goes
up right so my stand is the bad guy
if your goal is to maximize muscle
growth
here's an example of a rat at the bottom
here this is the control right this is a
normal ride and this is the rat that was
genetically engineered to over produce
phylostatin and to also lack the
mastering gene so as you can see that's
the biggest rat we've seen in in
research four times the amount of muscle
as a regular rat right so and once again
normal levels of testosterone normal
levels of androgens it is so massive
it's not even funny and here's what the
rat looks like when it's actually alive
straight broadly dwarfing the other rat
and this is lean muscle as well
extremely low levels of body fat this is
the monkey that was injected with
phallus style as you can see here
this is before the injection this is
only a few weeks after the injection
about three months after the injection
absurd amounts of muscle growth
and this is the 10 year old kid who was
lucky enough to be born with a myostatin
efficiency once again he has normal
levels of testosterone completely natty
but look at his physique at 10 years old
right
his parents were freaked out it brought
him to the doctor and yeah he's healthy
perfectly healthy normal levels of
androgens didn't even go through puberty
yet yeah he has more muscle than the
average grown ass man once again this is
what happens when you're lacking myosin
or you over producing phylostat and
again the reason why professional
bodybuilders look so [ __ ] huge is
because one of the main effects of
testosterone is to interfere with the
master and pathway mainly by up
regulating phallus statin or increasing
the activity of the rgf1 pathway
several studies also back this up as you
can see here one of the most important
transcription factors in fact the most
important transcription factor for
muscle growth is accurate one you can
see here the correlation is 0.999 which
is in short the most important
transcription factor for hypertrophy and
sure enough my satin blocks this gene
so you want to put on gains you have to
down regulate myostatin you have to
lower my stat another study shows the
same thing the correlation with the
amount of gains you put on after
training and your ability to lower my
statin is negative point 82 which is
massive
my statin is also the reason why old
women put on a lot less muscle than
young men or old man after training
mainly because they have a hard time
lowering my statin even when they're
train as you can see here old man have a
big drop in my stand after training
young men have the biggest drop in my
style and after training which is why
again young man put on muscle so fast
young women decent drop but old women
struggle to lower myostatin which is why
they struggle to put on muscle mass
and several other studies confirm this
as you can see here
one of the main reasons why women cannot
get as big as men even if you inject
them with testosterone is because the
myostatin activity is way too high
myostatin is also responsible for
insulin resistance so if you have a dead
body you skinny fat you have that tire
around your belly well
chances are you have very high levels of
myostatin next myostatin is also the
reason why those were trained with full
body workouts so with high frequency
tend to put on muscles so fast because
the dropping mice and after training
only lasts for less than a day right the
drive peaks at the eight hour mark and
then slowly after that my stand goes
back to baseline right it goes right
back to [ __ ] up your gains so that's
why those who train more frequently
just full body workouts nucleus overload
tend to put on muscles so fast right
they're constantly keeping myostatin
down regulated smile stand is also the
reason why people will supplement with
creatine tend to put on more muscle it's
not just the other effects of creatine
it's mainly that creatine also
is a very very powerful myostatin
blocker as you can see here
this is the drop in my style and from
the group that trained with our creatine
and this is the dropping margin from the
group that trained with creatine huge
drop
and lastly
that's the reason why the world
anti-doping agency
ban every
single agent that drastically blocks my
stat or increases file style but if you
want to lower my style you're gonna have
to do it naturally and i have a ton of
videos on that just watch the playlist
alright guys don't forget to like or
share the video subscribe and hit the
bell and buy my hsp nucleus of a little
training program it's the ultimate
program for maximum muscle growth it
includes full body workout splits bro
splits push-pull
home workouts you name it also comes
with a complete guide for macros
nutrition fat loss muscle growth
hormones
including a meal plan it's pretty much
all my 16 years of experience
condensed into one [ __ ] book you're
also gonna get free copies of any future
edition so visit team3d alpha.com and
you can use the forty percent off coupon
code nucleus overlord or you could just
buy this [ __ ] at full price all right
guys i'm out of here all right guys
don't forget to like or share the video
subscribe and hit the bell and buy my
hsp nucleus of a little training program
it's the ultimate program for maximum
muscle growth it includes full body
workout splits bro splits push-pull home
workouts you name it also comes with a
complete guide for macros nutrition fat
loss muscle growth hormones
including a meal plan it's pretty much
all my 16 years of experience
condensed into one [ __ ] book you're
also gonna get free copies of any future
edition so visit team3d alpha.com and
you can use the forty percent off coupon
code nucleus overload or you could just
buy this [ __ ] at full price all right
guys i'm out of here
