what's going on Megan here all right so
this video is on Alex right Alex from
alpha Destiny if you guys for those of
you guys who don't know him Alex is a
pretty cool guy we've been friends for a
while I think back in 2014 or 2013 is
when I first found his channel and um
since then he's a crazy Improvement so
anyway first go to YouTube type Alpha
Destiny right just type it in one world
or two world doesn't matter and um he
should be the first in that yeah there
he goes this channel right here so click
on
that yo my interet is [ __ ] up man I
gotta call Comcast but let me pause this
so long story short Alex is as you can
see 5582 pounds and um he's uh he's a
big big proponent of lifting heavy
and you know sometimes he l so heavy
that he gets a lot of criticism in fact
a lot of the questions that I get you
know I get questions from two groups of
people the people that don't know about
him right and then normally ask you know
hey what do you think about this guy is
this training legit I know that you guys
have similar philosophies on high
frequency training and things like that
and the second group of people people
that already know Alex they mostly asked
the same question which is what do you
think of his uh NE program he has a
training program called and he I believe
he stands for naturally enhanced yeah
naturally enhanced
and they pretty much just asked me to
rate it so it's pretty much this The Bu
90% of the questions I get on Alex on
those you know one of those two
questions and so I'm going to cond this
everything in one video pretty much long
story short Alex is a cool guy you know
once again we go back two three years
probably more than that and um Alex was
not always this [ __ ] braw that's the
first thing I want to start with you see
how big Alex is I'm just look look at
this look at his neck look at his traps
right shoulders upper chest all that
[ __ ] right this is how Alex used to look
when I met this [ __ ] this is how
he used to look this trying to right
right close to that and fast forward a
year to probably you know I took a long
break from YouTube so I missed a lot of
[ __ ] I don't know if this happened
within a year or a year and a half but
in a very short amount of time he went
from this to that and he's natural I
believe he's Natty trust me you know um
I I I can tell somebody's under juice
you know and you know Alex is definitely
Natty so when I reopened my channel when
I started making videos again and I was
like hey let me catch up on you know
everyone I used to watch you know like
uh you know endom off Beast you know uh
fitness challenge me uh berois Chris
Jones the twins all those guys right and
I said hey you know let let me check out
Alex and I saw this [ __ ] picture Alex
I can't remember hold on let me see
can't remember what video was you know
how YouTube shows you recommended all
that [ __ ] and it was this video where
his trash was just popping the [ __ ] out
right and I was like whoa what the [ __ ]
happened to Alex man like this dude blew
the [ __ ] up and you guys know me I'm in
love with traps it's my favorite muscle
in the human body I love traps it maybe
because it's my it's my worst body part
but I've always been fascinated with
traps you know 90% of my research on
muscle growth I've done it when I was
you know trying to figure out the secret
to big traps and so that's one thing
that we share you know one passion that
we share is you know we love traps and
that I can't remember what video was but
anyway it's it was one of those videos
you know like where his stess was
popping out and I was like bro like what
the [ __ ] happened you know so I went in
you know started looking at one of his
videos and he was talking about you know
the way he lives now super heavy I saw
that he was doing rack pools which
exercise I absolutely love you just got
to be careful because uh it works so
well that when I started doing rag pools
it was working so well for my traps that
I started just piling the weight you
know over and over again and eventually
I uh [ __ ] my [ __ ] up because I already
had a deadli injury and that made it
worse long story short so uh but I that
he was doing the rack pools uh he was
doing a lot of you know t-ball rolls
just a lot of heavy [ __ ] lifting and
a lot of the questions that I got was
also on the subject of you know his uh
his lifting style like hey you know you
know he he he jerks the weight around
what do you think about that kind of
training you know I think was on people
where were asking questions for us
because they were not sure if that kind
of training will work for them and I'm
here to tell you that it would you know
just because I don't train like that
doesn't mean it's it's not a method that
you know you know that works that that
you know that doesn't work and like I
always tell people you want to look at
different channels right look at look at
different training Styles look at
different training philosophies and try
to see what they have in common that's
what my channel focuses on right I I
observe you know I look at every kind of
you know I look at systems you know the
way people build muscle people lose fat
and I look at the differences and I also
look at the commonalities and I focus on
what they have in common so when you see
somebody showing you a style of training
that you're not familiar with don't
assume that it's [ __ ] don't assume
that you know is is is to be discarded
right away no do some research dig deep
and try to see well okay if that person
is getting results from that why is he
getting results from it what
element you know does that training
style has in common with the other
training Styles you know what I mean and
one thing that you notice from from you
know from his workout videos when he's
jerking the weight and you know doing
all that [ __ ] there's a lot a lot of
weight is stretching when he's doing the
rack pool stretching his traps when he's
doing the t-ball rolls you know he's
jerking the weight up on the way down
it's stretching the [ __ ] out of his
upper back and traps and that leads to
explosive growth I made I made a ton of
videos about the importance of
stretching the muscle you know what
heavy weights to maximize the growth
response you know I look because I when
I was studying traps I saw that the
people that had the biggest traps right
where doing a lot of exercises that put
the traps on
immense you know load you know under
stretch for example I looked at the
strongman competitors that were doing
former walks you know stretching the
[ __ ] out the traps I was looking at
Power lifters they were doing a lot of
deadlifts uh you know I looked at
Olympic lifters you they were doing a
lot of snatches and things like that now
notice oh one thing that all have in
common is a lot of stretching on the
muscle long story short I discovered
that stretching activates M to blah blah
blah and then that that kind of made
sense why the people that have the
biggest chests you know are not
necessarily the biggest bench presses
but they also do a lot of heavy uh
dumbbell flocks you know and people that
have wide ass lats are known for doing a
lot of chinups you know and if you guys
have never done weighted chins before
that [ __ ] stretches the [ __ ] out of your
livs but anyway this video is not about
stretching I'm G I already made videos
about way to stretching so that's one of
the reasons why his his uh his training
his training philosophy works well not
only he's using a lot of weight which we
all know is correlated with growth uh
not only he's doing Progressive overload
which is a obviously a a prerequisite
but he's also doing a lot of weighted
stretching you know so his he he there
is a method to the madness you know
obviously you want to work up to the
capacity you know you want to work up to
the amount of waste that he's using you
don't want to just get up and start
throwing weight around you going to [ __ ]
your [ __ ] up you know but um this that
definitely is a method you know to the
madness right so because a lot of the
question I get also negative they're
like oh you know like this don't assume
something is [ __ ] simply because
it's out you know outside of the norm
you know obviously he's working for him
it's backed up by a lot of studies once
again I talked about the stretching and
the heavy weights and the progressive
overload you know thing so you know give
it a try I always say give it a try
right stop everything you're doing for
about a week or two start this program
for about four weeks you know I would
say do it for four weeks take a break
about a week or two do it again for four
weeks take another break and then see
how your body you know response see how
your strength improved see how your
physique improved you know believe it or
not if you're doing the right program
when you're eating right you will see
changes in a very short amount of time
when I started doing full body workouts
I blew the [ __ ] up in a matter of months
so you know it it doesn't take a long
time to put on sides or see results if
what you're doing is you know is proving
to work you know and once again like I
said Alex blew up man I mean he looks
massive in these thumbnails here you
know and he wasn't always like that like
I said Alex was I remember Alex trust me
I remember when I first saw his videos
about two years ago he was not that
[ __ ] Yol so check check him out guys
check him out he's a really cool guy he
funny as hell uh he's also a friend of
Phillip you know Philip Philipe I don't
know if I'm saying his name right I
don't know if Philip has a YouTube
channel I gotta ask him that I did an
interview with him I believe a year or
two years ago really cool guy but but
yeah check him out guys you know uh we
share a lot of views you know full body
workouts high frequency training you
know you know things like that another
thing that I love about his his mindset
is he's always you know trying he he's
thinking outside the the Box always
thinking outside the box always trying
different things trying to see what
works you know not just sticking to
Conventional methods but thinking
outside the box and that's how you grow
as a person and that's how you grow in a
gym right so check them out and um
comment below let me know the questions
you have once again type Alpha Destiny
she should be the first channel that
pops up or the second make sure you
subscribe and um shs from Team 3D love
if you if it's your first time hearing
about him of those segments so go in the
comment section and just vote vote on
what you think is your most requested uh
topic and then obviously the one that
has the most likes are the ones are
going to prioritize in case let's
