hey guys what's going on Megan here a
little sick because of the change of
weather so don't mind me sniffing and
[ __ ] anyway this is uh I got a lot of
requests asking me what I've been doing
for traps recently so this is uh the
track portion of my full body workout
nothing really special
I just went back to my roots uh I'm
still doing my rack pool still doing um
a lot of volume for traps the only
difference is I'm I'm focusing more on
time on attention I'm training at pretty
much every uh
recording as many flowers as possible
you know slow twitch fast push all that
[ __ ]
um I started for upright rolls with the
bar uh as you can see that's my first
set and I do as many reps as possible I
got out of the mindset of counting reps
now just focus on going by Phil and you
know following the principles you know
right for example I was doing um yeah I
was just focusing on you know just
pumping blood into the muscle so I'm
just doing it until the muscle is pumped
if I'm focusing on strength then I'll
just lift as heavy as possible and
that's gonna determine my reference
um
I got out of the mentality of counting
you know counting reps and stopping at
that at those reps because it's uh it
was kind of productive you know I
started acting like a robot your body
doesn't know 10 reps or five reps with
just no attention wave no distance all
that good [ __ ] so unless you know what
you're doing you fine you're a beginner
obviously you want to use rep Rangers to
you know to progressively overload to
know how much you um you need to do and
blah blah blah but if you're at a stage
where you know how your body works and
you you know you understand your body
just go by principles huh so anyway um
obviously I'm doing the same thing
building muscle is all about picking a
heavyweight doing a certain amount of
reps with that way and being able to
progressively do more reps with that
same weight if not increasing the weight
and doing just some interesting before
so I started with upright rolls I
increased away and I try to do you know
20 or more reps and when I reach failure
and I'm close to failure I start doing a
lot of cheating like I use a lot of
momentum just to get the weight up as
you can tell here
I'm one of these guys if you're one of
these uh
form perfect form whatever you know guys
just you know don't even watch this
video because it's not what you're gonna
see here I'm not anything I want to make
a separate video explaining to you guys
why I'm not the perfect phone kind of
guy I don't I don't believe in that [ __ ]
you know I only use good form to prevent
injuries but not to uh
as far as building muscle as long as
you're putting tension on the muscle
you're feeling the muscle work you're
recording fibers the muscle is going to
grow I mean it's basic science uh your
body doesn't know uh perfect range of
motion it just knows movements uh you
just got to be safe right as you can
tell I moved on to high pools after the
upright rows then I moved on to uh
um clean pools it's an Olympic variation
I got that from one of my favorite
football coaches uh he has his players
do a lot of those movements to build a
thicker neck and traps and um so pretty
much I pick one rack in the gym as you
can tell one power rack and I just stay
there until I'm done doing almost four
or five trap movements uh here I'm also
doing a clean pool but this is a jump
pull variation where you're barely been
in your arm you're just trying to get
the weight up using a lot of momentum a
lot of you know lag hip drop and this I
pretty much do this just not only for my
trust but you get a lot of power because
you guys know I do Sprints um every now
and then so this helps me transfer the
power for my legs from my upper body
um so it's not really hypertrophic but
uh it's uh it's a little bit of
everything you know
and I increase the weight again and
again as I increase the weight I just
you know switch off the exercise like
right now I can't do clean pools with
this [ __ ] so I move on to my raccoons uh
yes I still do rifles I told you guys
rifles they have like no equal
and when it comes to traffic development
and like I said you don't have to put
the ball too low a lot of people put the
ball like below their knee and [ __ ] like
that that you're using too much
hamstring too much lower back and if
you're gonna train frequently like I do
you're gonna end up injuring yourself
sooner or later especially with my back
injury I'm trying to focus on my traps
here you know I don't care about the my
lower back or hamstring so the higher
the bar is the better
as you can tell I do like a tri set with
the raccoons when the weight is light I
start off with the wide grip then I do a
Sumo grip
you know just to keep them just to keep
tension on the traps guys it's all about
tension uh and this one like rag pool so
much is because they put a stress like a
stretch on the traps that you know that
that you can't match in any other
movements
uh you could try with deadlifts but like
I said too many too much lower back and
hamstring involvement so
I increase the weight again
same thing wide grip smash grip whatever
you want to call it radicals so this way
I'm hitting every single angle of my
upper traps you know with the high wraps
the low wraps heavyweight lightweight
whatever you want to call it I'm hitting
myself from every angle
man my ass eating in shorts man
but um yeah that's what I do for traps
you know the only difference is like I
said I pick one rack one power rack and
I just do as I increase the weight I
just do whatever exercise can
accommodate that way so with the ball
alone obviously your bra rolls when I
add some weight I move on to cheating
upright Rose and I move on to high pools
and then clean pools and then uh power
shrugs and reflection and rat food so as
you increase the weight
you know change your exercise to be able
to use that
and poundage and this is my first day
back in the gym after I reset my amateur
for a week so
I didn't go above four plates but it was
good to get me back in the gym all right
guys so you asked for a video and you
got it that's what I do for traps peace
out
