it is 39 times more deadly than the
average job
hey guys going on Megan here in honor of
international Men's Day here's a good
video for you guys the top 10 most
dangerous jobs in the world
um keep in mind these are jobs that have
an extremely high death rate compared to
the average job of course and there are
obviously jobs that most people don't
want to do right let's be honest most
people don't want to do those jobs but
they are extremely important for society
to function what are those jobs we
collapse under disease chaos ruin you
name it and now obviously because those
jobs are so hard they're not for the
Phantom heart right and let's see uh the
male representation in those jobs right
let's see how important men are to
society right so let's see let's start
with we're going to start with number 10
and go down to number one which is the
most dangerous Drive in the world number
10 we have underground miners right
which is obviously a dangerous job I
mean I have claustrophobia just from
looking at this right and sure
enough that their fruit is extremely
high and we're gonna compare to death
rate to the average which is about the
average death rate for you know most
jobs is 3.4 for every hundred thousand
employee right
um so that's average for underground
miners six times more dangerous than the
average job
right and gets the male representation
in that field
98 male
98 male women as much as we try to get
them into those positions they say no
and I don't blame them I would say no
right so only the toughest
boldest most masculine man uh tend to
take those jobs you know obviously they
don't want to you know if you give them
a billion dollars they would quit the
same day right uh but again somebody has
to do it so once again much love much
respect to the guys out there who
um
keeping Society functioning for the rest
of us we appreciate you guys we love you
guys and ever since I was a child you
guys were my heroes and still are next
drivers especially truck drivers very
dangerous job obviously a lot of
accidents
um again this one is eight times more
deadly than the average job
and 93 male let's keep going now just
imagine what would happen if all of the
truck drivers decided to quit overnight
it would be chaos it would be famine
there will be riots
um supply chain issues you name it right
no food everything will break down so
once again
big thanks to the truck drivers out
there we value all we respect you
and we appreciate you for keeping the
world going for us
next
structural Iron and Steel Workers right
10 times more deadly than the average
job 10 times not twice not three times
ten times more deadly than the average
job and guess the male Representatives
keep in mind this is structural Iron and
Steel without those guys everything
collapses obviously right they create
they build the infrastructure of our
society so whenever you see a skyscraper
whenever you see a building an apartment
complex what anything that requires the
use of social Iron and Steel we have
those guys to think
right and again it is 10 times more
daily than the average job 99 male
99 male all right let's keep going
next waste removal and management right
so that's your people who work in a uh
you know underground sewage your garbage
collector anything that has to do with
waste removal which obviously is crucial
for society to function because without
these guys we'll have the black plague
will return you know we'll have plagues
we'll have disease we'll have epidemics
um again this one is also 10 times more
daily than the average job and the
representation is about 89 male uh
depending on the position of course so
there's many positions within those jobs
the dirtier and harder and tougher the
position within that job obviously the
representation increases
unsurprisingly right somebody has to do
it
so once again we love and thank you guys
next most pilots and Aircraft engineers
not just commercial flights just Pilots
all around the world
it is also about nine to ten times more
daily than the average job and the male
representation is 94 percent
let's keep going construction helpers
right construction workers trade helpers
whatever
13 times more daily than the average job
and the representation is 95 male
without those guys once again we will
have no infrastructure we'll have
Society will collapse no need to explain
why
next roofers right something happens to
your roof who do you call
right again this is 14 times more daily
than the average job
and the male representation is 97
percent
97 percent
which is insane once again big shout out
a lot of respect to our fellow roofers
next military
in my opinion the most important job in
any society
because as I mentioned in a previous
video on quote-unquote toxic masculinity
without the military we are done we are
done for you guys out there who don't
study history please take at least you
don't have to take you don't have to
study for years like I did just take a
month and dedicate it to studying
history study what happens when a
society is nice and functioning and then
the barbarians pull up at the gate
your women your mothers your sisters
everybody you hold there gets kidnapped
raped enslaved killed in front of your
very eyes if you do not have a strong
military in fact the reason why we don't
understand how important military is is
because our military is that damn good
think about it they are so good at their
job that we think that we don't need
them
but anyway I could make a whole separate
video on the importance of the military
which will blows my mind that I actually
have to emphasize how important the
military is because you literally have
people out there saying defund the
police defund the military uh what was
the military getting funded so much and
I'm like you obnoxious piece of
 you spoiled brat defund the
military
are you kidding me look at every nation
that did not have a strong military look
what happened to them throughout history
but anyway
24 to 29 times more daily than the
average job
depending obviously on the position
obviously you know uh
your your rankings are gonna play huge
role the the actual job you perform is
going to play a huge role but again it's
24 to 29 times more daily than the
average job and these are the men that
keep us safe at night whether we agree
with the politics or not whether we
agree with the reason why they join the
military or not I don't care I don't
care I'm grateful that these guys exist
thanks to them North Korea is not at
that doorstep
and sure enough that my representation
is from 82 to 95 male again depending on
the position you guessed it the tougher
uh the higher the death rate in the
position the higher the more
representation the tougher the position
is the more dangerous the position is
the higher my representation especially
if you go into the elite forces or this
way over 90 male so once again much love
much respect
to our fellow veterans and to our fellow
army men next loggers which obviously
without them Society will also collapse
because I mean think about it we use
wood for everything from building to I
mean anything you could think about can
directly or indirectly be tied to the
work that these guys do
and it is 27 times more deadly than the
average job that is the second
most dangerous job
in the modern world that we actually
have data on and it is 98 male look at
this badass guy over here getting
done so he could go home and feed his
family and be told that he's
that he has toxic masculinity because
he's strong and ambitious
and then number one
fishing and hunting imagine you know if
fishermen and people who got his fish
and and uh you know that went out and
Hunt imagine they'll quit none of the
vegans would be happy but you know most
of us wouldn't
right and it is 39 times more deadly
than the average job fishing and hunting
combined right 39 times more daily than
the average drive this is actually the
most dangerous job in the world who
would have thought
right because as you guessed it these
guys are at a c
um I mean there's so many so many things
that lead to injury and depth some of
them fall overboard some of them freeze
to death
um you know again machine Machinery
issues it is the most dangerous job in
the modern world
and it is 92 male so that's it guys
these are the 10 most dangerous drivers
in the world I could keep going I mean I
have a list of like up to I think up to
like 100 or something so if you want I
could make a part two and show you
number 11 number 12 number 13 whatever
and as and you guessed it uh they are
dominated by men
in fact the safest drivers in the world
such as you know um kindergarten teacher
um secretary you know dental assistant
uh over 90 percent
um
female and once again this is not an
attack on women they should pick those
safe jobs I mean you know I mean even I
don't want to do a lot of these tough
masculine drops you know
so this is not an attack on women
because we need women like I always say
a hundred percent of these men
were birthed and raised by women so we
love our women obviously
the only reason why I'm emphasizing the
importance of men is because men are the
ones who are under attack nobody's
attacking women everybody knows I'm porn
women are like I said if the boat sinks
we let women out first right and I agree
women have the number one most important
job in the world which is to carry on
the human race without women the human
race disappears in 100 years right so we
give them their flowers
but please can we stop disrespecting men
can we stop disrespecting the job the
role that men play in society what are
These Guys these unsung heroes right
these guys die every day and we don't
even know what their name is
right without these guys everything that
we hold there is gone so can we please
respect man and can we stop uh you know
blaming man for the mistakes of the 0.01
so any man that is watching this video
any young man out there you are
important in today's society continue to
strive for greatness continue to compete
continue to go up in status continue to
provide you know again I'm not saying
that you have to do one of those jobs to
be a man that's not what I'm saying
wherever you are whatever job you choose
I don't care if you pick a feminine job
right as long as you contributing to
society as long as you're doing your
best to make the world a better place
much love and respect to you alright
guys
once again happy international Man day
team 3D Alpha we out all right guys
don't forget to like or share the video
subscribe and hit the bell and buy my
HSB nucleus of a little training program
she also made a program for maximum
muscle growth it includes full body
workout splits bro splits push-pull home
workouts you name it also comes with a
complete guide for macros nutrition fat
loss monster growth hormones including a
meal plan it's pretty much all my 16
years of experience condensed into one
 book you're also gonna get free
copies of any future Edition so visit
team3dalpha.com and you can use the 40
off coupon code nucleus of the Lord or
you could just buy the share at full
price all right guys I'm out of here
