hey guys going on Megan here how to give
back in the gym after a long break so if
you're in my situation or you were in my
situation here are three things that I
believe you should do before you get
back in the gym after a long break don't
just get right back into it Raisa don't
you know I know
the excitement could be high you know
you could say hey I lost a lot of
strength all of us a lot of size I'll
put on a lot away and I'm just trying to
get you know get back in as soon as
possible know you're gonna run into
injuries so the best way to actually go
about it is number one focus on just
taking at least four weeks right not
three not two at least four weeks where
it's kind of like a primer month right
where you try to Lily see where you are
relative to your former self right so
number one try to figure out do you have
any shoes changes in your hormone levels
right so get some blood work done right
get some blood work done nothing extreme
do something minor just to see if
anything changed if your break was
longer than six months or a year
sometimes even three months a lot of
stuff could have happened to your
hormone levels right especially if you
were really stressed out or I don't
there's something you know something
unexpected happens or something huge
that so even an injury right so try to
figure out what happened to your hormone
levels will happen to your blood work
right because again if you were not
training for that long especially if you
used to train a lot and you just stopped
cold turkey there's a lot of stuff
change in your whole metabolic profile
so try to get tested again for you and
something that rules your you know
pretty much to make sure that you know
your glucose tolerance is fine your
glucose Givet is fine your leptin your
testosterone of course your thyroid C 3
T 3 and C 4
don't you cortisol that was just the
basic stuff right luteinizing hormone
generation this will make sure that
everything is ready to hop back into a
workout program why because you don't
want to hop back into a workout program
well the same program
if you've accumulated you know unknown
issues throughout the the layoff right
because then you're gonna think that
something is wrong with your workout
program and really easy to step no you
know you're almost a [ __ ] up you got
to fix that first and you guys know I'm
big on hormones right you gotta optimize
your hormone before you optimize your
training else you just stabbing yourself
in the foot
should call this two levels of super
high sea levels are down and you
insulin-resistant then why are you
barking while you've been trying to cut
or while you're trying to go on a huge
deficit or in trouble if waste you're
gonna give mixed results and I and it's
complete you just program hopping are
you gonna back off maybe this program is
not for me maybe I have to change this
exercise you know your hormones control
everything guys so if your hormones are
out of whack your program is gonna be
optimal it doesn't matter what you're
doing so that's someone get some blood
work done number two try to figure out
what your new maintenance calories are
and that's a huge thing that people
overlook if you took a long break
I can guarantee you chances are your
utility went there right your total
daily energy expenditure probably went
down right by significant amount
especially if you took a long break and
there's a huge change in activity level
so let's say you took a break and you
probably quit your job or you move to a
different part of town where you know
you don't move as much so you're using a
different form of transportation you
know maybe you're driving more instead
of walking to the bus whatever chances
are your knee change right your
non-exercise activity thermogenesis so
make sure that you take at least one
week within that four week period where
you're trying to figure out what you
know - calories all just one week right
pick a number so let's say used to eat
3,000 calories and pick 2,500 and for
that week just each 2500 calories every
single day make sure your Mac was
obviously happy to optimize and see what
happens at the end of the week if at the
end of the week you get weight and you
allows holy [ __ ] you know three times
there's no longer my maintenance you
know or if in fact the end of the the
week you've realized I don't 2500 guys
she loves it that's on the way then you
know maybe your activity level didn't
change as much maybe still high so maybe
you can actually go back to what you see
before so definitely take a week to
focus on figuring out what your new
maintenance is don't hop back in a gym
thinking hey I'm you know I'm just gonna
eat the eggs to eat before when you know
everything so we just fine no cheese all
you're gonna get a lot of weight or lose
a lot of weight so that's number two and
number three take care of your injuries
again doing that week where you're gonna
try to figure out what your new manage
calories or go in the gym and whatever
exercises you're gonna be working on try
to figure out where your strength levels
see they're gonna beam over but just I
forgot what you strength levels are
don't just get back into GBC I'm ready
to work out and put on some awesome no
figure I hate is my phone right you know
it's my injuries gotten worse or better
right for some people the injuries
actually get better after taking a break
and worse for some like myself they
actually get work yeah try to figure out
where you as far as your injuries off
that's got those three things put
together are gonna help you pick the
right program for you moving forward
right so that first month back in the
gym is just a trial period right you
waiting for your blood work to come back
in right so make sure that you know you
know you get picked the right diet based
on your blood work meaning for example
if you find out that holy [ __ ] your
insulin sensitivity is trash now well
it's not to go in the high carb diet
right or if your levels come back and
you realize you're just awesome that was
a you know [ __ ] [ __ ] don't try to go
on a [ __ ] cut right come back at you
realize you just have some levels went
from 800 to [ __ ] it I don't know I like
200 nanograms but you know DL so you
don't start going to cut this is just
gonna make things worse so say yes
that's no one wait for your hormones
your hormone levels to come back doing
that a period and why are you waiting
for the results to come back make sure
that you use that one week period where
you just try to figure out what you know
where your maintenance kind of resolve
and where your strength levels are in
the gym and at the end of that four-week
period you'll be able to pick the right
program for you because by that time
you'll have your blood work you'll see
if your injuries are gone or worse and
you're also mobile should do maintenance
calories or to decide if you should you
know you know how you should optimize
your macros alright so I hope that helps
in fact that's what I'm doing right now
I already did step one right bloodwork
results came in when I went back home so
that's the first thing the second thing
was again the home and estate my
maintenance calories obviously so much
lower than it used to be cuz again I'm
you know no longer in school not moving
as much you know not training right I
wasn't doing nucleus overload doing the
break so obviously not training everyday
not doing full body workouts not walking
in and out and doing all these many
things obviously that lourd
any eighty a lot yeah I said I hope this
helps again thanks a lot for liking the
videos and see you in the conversation
