stop telling young men who are naturally
honey who are supposed to be horny that
they should feel bad about beating their
meats
hey what's going on megan here no fap or
semen retention do not increase your
testosterone levels by 145 percent right
that's the claim that i see everywhere
the notified community has been running
with it for years
i see people in the reddit saying that
and they're using this study that they
misread that even read the full study in
fact even if you read the abstract you
know that that statement is false and
once again this is a study where a group
of guys were divided into two groups
long story short one group did not beat
their meat or ejaculate for for a few
days and on the seventh day the group
that did not ejaculate right the
abstinence group got an increase in
testosterone it was only temporary
increase right it went up came right
back down and i'm gonna address that in
a minute right and everyone is using
this number here see this that's what i
got the number from 145.7 percent and
it's saying oh look doing nofap or
retaining your semen is going to give
you a 145 increase in testosterone on
the seventh day so let's destroy that
for a minute first of all it's a 45
increase not a 145 increase right it
says reaching 145
of the baseline for you guys who skip
math that simply means a 45 increase
right because 100 of baseline is simply
times one 145 of the baseline is times
1.45
right so this was a 45.7 increase i just
hate that that worded it out that way
which is why some people got confused
but again it goes to show how quickly
cults can just pick a study and then
make up absurd claims you know how many
teenagers how many people out there
believe that statement and are running
around posting i see it in the comments
section i see it in reddit you know when
somebody asked the question everyone's
like hey you want to boost it to start
strong do no fat but on the seventh day
you're gonna get a 145 increase right
guys if this was true everybody would be
doing no fat you know how ridiculous one
45 increases if this was true that is
like your testosterone level is going
from let's say let's say your average
level is a 500 nano gram per deciliter
that is like going from 500 to [ __ ]
1200 think about that for a second
going from 500 nano gram per deciliter
to over 1200 nautical deciliter that's
what a 145 increases so you should have
paused right there when you write those
statements and and thought wait a minute
something's wrong here right and keep in
mind some guys on the higher end of the
testosterone spectrum right some guys
have testosterone levels of a thousand
nano gram per deciliter right that's the
99 percent child in some countries it's
the 97 percentile but anyway digress
right so imagine if it's your
testosterone level is worth a thousand
nano gram per deciliter do you honestly
think that you would get a 145 percent
increase that would bring your
testosterone levels from 1 000 to 2 400.
that's [ __ ]
600 milligrams of testosterone injected
into your body these are the
testosterone levels that you see in
people using huge doses of steroids
right you guys got to use common sense
you honestly believe that [ __ ] right i
had to make a video on it because i was
tired of responding to every comment and
saying no it's not 145 percent it's only
45
and there are people with huge
followings who are repeating this
blasphemous statement so no nofap does
not increase your testosterone levels by
145 percent in this study it was only a
45 increase so if your testosterone that
was worth 500 in this study they would
have gone to 725 right and keep in mind
after the seventh day they came right
back down and did not go back up after
that which is obviously not enough time
to have any significant effects on and
also keep in mind the reason why the
session went up in the first place if
you read the full study it was mainly
due to the creation of sperm cells
that's all it was
right because based on research it's
actually bad to go more than a week
without ejaculating right it falls on
inverter you curve right if you go let's
say two to five days without ejaculating
then it has a slightly beneficial effect
on your sperm quality but if you go more
than a week more than seven or eight
days without ejaculating that's actually
bad
for sperm quality there's a ton of
research on this so stop reading
random things and running with it
without fact checking right and also
keep in mind this group got they waited
seven days to get that bitch-ass spike
meanwhile if you remember the video that
i did a few weeks a few months back on
the guys who actually had sex right they
got a 72 average increase in
testosterone levels
right and one guy
got a 109 increase what's the fee i made
on that
right so why wait seven days to get a
low 45 spike when you can actually clap
cheeks and get up to 109 increase in
testosterone and the research on the
benefits of having a healthy sex life
having sex and even masturbating is fast
beating your meat is good
having sex is good it's good for your
sperm count it's good for your prostate
health it's good for your mental health
obviously there's an inverted you curve
right it's only bad if you overdo it
just like anything else [ __ ] drinking
too much water can kill you right
everything has an inverter you curve so
yeah obviously if you're addicted
opponent you're watching it like [ __ ]
20 times a day and beating your meat all
day long yeah of course it's bad you're
gonna have these crazy increases in
prolactin constantly you're gonna fry
your receptors yeah but
stop telling young men
that they should feel bad about beating
their meat or worse having sex with
women which is literally what the male
body is designed to do
again watch my full video on nofap uh
not the short one the long video i'll go
into more details right but i'm so sick
and tired of this cult now keep in mind
again if somebody's a date it's a
completely different story right if
you're addicted and you constantly bring
your meat all day long yeah of course
it's bad man
right but if you're a healthy teenager
guys my friends and i were teenagers we
were horny as [ __ ] we watched we did all
of the stuff that teenagers are doing
these days right and they had no
negative impact on us we watched porn we
beat our meat if we couldn't get pawn we
got magazines we couldn't get magazines
we'll literally go online and print out
pictures right teenagers are honey and
it's normal right and in fact and i
could show you many studies if you want
to do multiple videos on this i could
show you studies that actually show that
people who masturbate
frequently actually have higher
testosterone levels than people who
don't right and it's already well
established that people who have sex on
a regular basis have higher testosterone
levels than those who don't right so
stop letting people tell you or you got
to return you see me you become so much
better [ __ ] you want to always kill
you guys video games i already mentioned
that several times right you guys retain
you same man and do no fapper and all
that [ __ ] but then you end up spending
five hours a day on the [ __ ] video
game what do you think is worse right
and in fact
you guys wait till i make the the video
on video games keep in mind i love video
games right
but it has done way more damage
to young men everywhere then pulling a
masturbation right and again once again
inverted you curve little bit of video
games each day is fine an hour a day
maybe two hours and that's kind of
pushing it after you finish the daily
routine that's fine too much of it bad
same thing with pawn same thing with
beating your meat right a little bit
here and there perfectly fine too much
of it then you obviously have a problem
but anyway i'm going off the topic here
the point of this video was to again
debunk this stupid claim that no fap or
retaining your semen um was going to
increase your testosterone by 145 no
it's a 45 increase the peak lasts for
only a day right and the reason why it
goes up in the first place is because of
the creation of the sperm cells now once
again don't use this as a license to be
addicted to anything right obviously if
you're addicted to the bone that's a bad
thing but to be honest if you're
addicted to anything right it can
quickly turn bad right so don't use this
video as like oh million [ __ ] bone is
fine it's the license to go and [ __ ]
build your meat all day
right because you guys love to show me
[ __ ] all i'm saying is stop
telling young men who are naturally
horny who are supposed to be horny that
they should feel bad about beating their
meats or watching porn i my friends and
countless people have watched porn have
beat out meats have sex with our
girlfriends when we were single we were
clapping cheeks left and right booty
calls friends benefits you name it and
we had no issue with energy sex if
anything i sexual was constantly high
because we're constantly out there
competing and clapping cheeks right so
get all these announcements out of here
right most of people who push no fap
anyway either uh a bunch of in cells who
have zero experience with women all have
[ __ ] ego issues where they want to
feel superior because they're like oh
look at me i don't watch porn look at me
i don't beat my meat meanwhile they're
still broken get no [ __ ] anyway guys
this video is too long i'm out of here
all right guys don't forget to like or
share the video subscribe and hit the
bell and buy my hsp nucleus of a little
training program it's the ultimate
program for maximum muscle growth it
includes full body workout splits bro
splits push-pull home workouts you name
it also comes with a complete guide for
macros nutrition fat loss muscle growth
hormones including a meal plan it's
pretty much all my 16 years of
experience
condensed into one [ __ ] book you're
also gonna get free copies of any future
edition so visit team3d alpha.com and
you can use the forty percent off coupon
code nucleus overload or you could just
buy this [ __ ] at full price all right
guys i'm outta here
