hey guys what's going on Megan here
here's the long awaited video of Joseph
Joseph I cannot pronounce your last name
for the life for me so I'm just going to
put on the screen but guys he's been a
faithful team 3D subscriber for a very
very very long time I think all the way
back to 2012 or 2011 I'm not sure but
it's one of the OG sus but anyway this
video is to like not it's not just
obviously a shout out but uh to to look
at his progress I love those progress
videos guys they motivates me I'll be
honest with you guys it pumps me up you
know what I mean just seeing because
again I'm motivated by progress I love
growth that's why even all my favorite
video games are games where you
constantly level up you know I I I I
hate doing the same [ __ ] all time and
not getting nowhere right so when I see
somebody's amazing transformation or
progress I don't care if it's uh
something that's super impressive or
something that shows consistency I get
pumped up you know Ian I just get
inspired you know because to me that's
really what the the whole point of like
living is to constantly make progress
constantly hit Milestones so um on
today's episode we have Joseph right and
again I asked the same five questions to
everybody whether it's a shout out video
or whether it's a a transformation video
whatever um same five questions so you
guys can relate with them better uh I
want you guys to subscribe to them now
again this is It's not about it's not
it's not just team 3D it doesn't have to
be somebody who's part of Team 3D or who
believes in no it's just someone that's
going to
inspire right young people someone's
going to inspire in fact I say young or
old people right uh so even if for
example there's some people out there
who uh who relate with people that that
look like them people that have similar
body types um similar philosophies you
know so for me to just hug all you know
you know just my subscribers that to me
to me that makes no sense you know it
makes no sense only insecure people do
that [ __ ] right where they're like oh
I'm not going to give a shout out I'm
trying to keep everything for myself me
me me me that shows insecurity because
you're scared to be dethroned you scared
to like you know uh uh let other people
move up you know which to me the more
the better the more competition the
better um everyone is going to relate to
who they have in common with the most
anyway you know what I mean it's not
it's not a numbers game you know so
about helping each other grow and
getting to the top right
so let's look at Joseph location Joseph
is from
Croatia U for you guys who don't who
Skip history class or geography classes
in Europe um and I like what he said he
said uh you know proud proud place you
know proud Kingdom in the Middle Ages um
and um his transformation is amazing
because he almost just like almost like
stepen Stephen yeah stepen almost like
stepen transformation they're both
Fighters right um Stephen is Saker and
box in Joseph is more into like MMA tile
and every time I ask him you know he's
always he's go never Chang he wants to
be the best fighter ever you know and I
like those grand goals because like I
always say if you set massive goals even
if you don't make it right you'll be
higher than the person who set a [ __ ]
ass go right and just that that uh that
mindset inspires you know that mindset
that mindset to hey I don't I don't want
to be good I want to be the greatest you
know I love that you know because those
are the people that uh
you know I looked up to when I was
growing up you know Alexander the greaty
Napoleon all these guys who set the
greatest goals and even though they
didn't achieve them all they were able
to do more than every person so when
someone comes out there and says hey my
goal is to be the greatest XYZ or ABC
I'm like [ __ ] yeah man go at it because
not everybody thinks like that all right
so he's from Croatia look at some of his
pictures um look at his before picture
right super amazing and uh the second
question I asked him was uh how he you
know how he started working out how he
started training and he said he made his
own barbell you know 20 kogam barbell
when he was very young and I think it
was around
2012 um yeah around 2012 he made his own
ball Bell and he just started you know
training you know and um people people
are wondering how did he make his own
ball Bell you understand people that
have a will they will find any way to
[ __ ] work out kind of like my friends
that went to prison and things like that
they found the most creative ways to
work out he just just took bottles and
filled them up with [ __ ] you know and
just started working out so from a young
age you already saw that that conqueror
mentality you know I [ __ ] love that
[ __ ] so that's how I started training um
he said the greatest thing that
motivated him was bullying right and I
could relate with that because when I
was a kid I remember I used to get
bullied a lot you know until I went
Beast more and I was like n [ __ ] that
you know so the bullying helped them
obviously bring the Beast out and like I
would say you don't grow when you
comfortable you grow when you put in a
very very UNC uncomfortable position you
know I a where I'm today because uh my
my childhood you know my relationship
with my mom my you know relationship
with my dad which could always be better
um The Bullying the you know the
loneliness all those things is what made
me who I am today you know all those
hardships so same thing with Joseph you
know he said the bullying really you
know activated what I call the alpha
Gene right it really made him say you
know what [ __ ] this [ __ ] never again you
know I'm sure a lot of you guys can
relate right um so that's how he got
started and um he said uh in one of the
messages he was like from that day I
told myself that number one this will
never happen to me again number two I'll
be the strongest bravest fighter in the
world right and again back to that that
mindset of sending those grand goals so
yeah that's how he got started into
training number three I asked him how he
got the most results right out of his
training you know how he got the most
gains um so everybody can you know kind
of look and compare with their training
and their routine and learn a thing or
two and he said same thing you know
super high frequency super high
frequency training uh doing the same
thing
repeatedly um eating at least six meals
a day high carbs you know especially
because he he was SK as you could tell
from his before pictures he was very
skinny so I keep telling you guys if
you're skinny every skinny person I've
worked with the secret was CBS CBS CS CS
when they increased their CS they went
through same thing with Matt Muhammad I
mean Matt was eating like 400 gram I
told him Matt 400 gram of cops minimum
you know and when he blew up oh my God
these are steroids I'm like shut the
[ __ ] up it's not all about steroids when
somebody's changing what he's doing
drastically and he's doing what [ __ ]
works you should expect to see a
dramatic transformation right it's 1
plus one equals two you know just
because you guys keep doing the same
[ __ ] and I'm referring to the haters by
the way you guys will do the same [ __ ]
all the time refuse to think outside the
box you know over there [ __ ] worried
about the you know let me get restarted
right if you not growing chances of you
doing something wrong you know unless
your genetics are really ass which I
doubt it I doubt it it's a very small
the population that have really really
really really bad genetics you know
majority of us can still grow so again
if you're not growing humble yourself
and try to you ask for ADV try to see
what's missing for him it was Cars you
know you might be something else so uh
so yeah so that's what he did high
frequency training you know obviously
eating enough to to fuel the workouts
and support the growth and of course um
the
cops and he also said you know he did
high volume you know he didn't worry too
much about the weight he just focused on
doing a lot of volume progress i l
overloading you know all that stuff you
know you guys are obsessed with weight
it drives me insane you know weight is
one of the tools it's one of the most
efficient Tools in fact to build muscle
but it's not the only tool it's not the
only tool you know I personally like to
live heavy because number one it feels
good number two is again more efficient
to recruit all the fibers but there are
so many other ways you know doing High
Reps high volume high frequency doing
negatives doing stretching you know it's
all it's all about overloading so you're
overloading something right so anyway so
uh that was his philosophy on training
that's how he got the most results you
know he also did a lot of stretching you
know uh he saw a lot of videos on
stretching and he implemented that I
believe on his triceps and he got the
crazy triceps doing my favorite exercise
with triceps which is the overhead
extension great stretch um and um asked
him what were his favorites so that you
guys could also relate right favorite
muscle triceps obviously for him um
favorite exercise was the overhead press
uh favorite food he said snit so and
sweet potatoes interesting favorite game
darkg Souls darkg Souls is my [ __ ]
game I started playing that [ __ ] last
year I don't know why it took me so long
to to hop on the Dark Souls series but
it's an awesome game speaking of games
by the way guys right now I'm playing
the [ __ ] out of foror for horor is my
game I bought my PS4 like two years ago
and I barely touched it I played like
two two three games on it didn't finish
him I think I only finished one that was
L of the Fallen the rest I couldn't
finish because I was too busy but foror
came out bought that [ __ ] right away and
I played that [ __ ] at least once a week
so if you have for Honor add me on
PS4 um anyway back to this uh so yeah
Dark
Souls um I'm I'm hoping you finish all
the Dark Souls game I only play Demon
Souls that's the only one I beat I'm
about to finish Dark Souls whenever I
find time next uh his favorite movie is
Braveheart yeah that's that's one that's
definitely my top 10 favorite anime is
berserk [ __ ] yeah it's funny you like
dark souls and your favorite anime is
berserk because uh Dark Souls was was
inspired by the most part from there
anime berserk guts is a [ __ ] badass
and uh favorite song is Amon Amar can't
pronounce that [ __ ] right Twilight of
the Thunder God I'mma look it up that
sounds like an epic ass title man I'm G
look that song up and his uh number five
the fifth question I asked was what is
his you know what are his goals what are
his lifetime goals his current goals
short-term goals and his lifetime goals
obviously his lifetime goals to become
the strongest and bravest warrior ever
and I'm 100% salute he wants to be the
absolute best at uh MMA or fighting you
know whatever and his uh his current
goal is to get he said a MMA promotion
right to get a big MMA promotion and um
to be a a great fighter known for
Jiu-Jitsu so I like how he's focused you
know dominance discipline Direction you
know he has all three aspects he knows
what his called competi he knows what
his competitive advantages he knows what
his throne is right so he got the
dominance equation out of the way you
know discipline obviously he's obviously
disciplined he's training frequently
he's eating right he's doing everything
you know he needs to do to get from
point A to point B and the most
important part is Direction he has a
direction you know I keep telling you
guys man that's why you got to take the
self Mastery quiz take the self Mastery
quiz you know if that's if you don't
know your direction if you know your
direction [ __ ] off right you're already
good to go if not you don't know your
vision you don't know your mission in
life take this stuff Master quiz it's
going to solve that problem that's what
that's what worked for me you know mind
you I compiled that for me but I found
out that it works for everybody else as
well so but anyway so this is uh Joseph
I'm going to show I one I sound a
pronoun your last name
Raz [ __ ] me anyway guys Croatian W
Master is his YouTube name check him out
and um make sure you hey
baby you miss you too let me finish this
video real quick I haven't seen you all
day I picked you up today anyway guys so
yeah check him out make sure you uh
subscribe to his channel I'm going to
put his Instagram or Facebook or what
ever social media is using and uh stay
connected you know if you if you're in
this area you know schedule some
workouts and um comment below comment
below find out what you guys have in
common what you guys could learn from
each other especially if you're from
Croatia comment below I want to see uh a
lot more people from that place I think
it's probably the only subscriber I have
from that place not sure but if I'm
wrong let me know or anybody who's in
the region all right guys team 3 Alpha
I'm out
m
