hey what's going on guys it's a third
day at the gym and of the week it's a
Saturday told you guys I my lower back
is fine out I have to worry about the
annoying pain I can deadlift a lot more
you guys have seen and I can't start
squatting a lot more and I'm loving this
because I'm trying to pick my strength
back up and go back I worried you should
be it probably even more so I'm over
here doing some squats at the end of our
workout and I've guys been doing while I
like doing all these compound movements
at the end well that's not recommended
obviously you know I always recommend
doing all your power exercises like
deadly invention select at the beginning
but the reason why like doing at the end
is because number one that's when i'm
the most warmed up you know at the end
of my full body workout and number two I
love handicaps I love and I love
training with my energy levels are low
that's very dangerous I know about this
is what working I hate all my Max's all
my POS I hate him on when I was at the
end of my workouts and completely
exhausted this for some reason when I'm
exhausted i have this extra I don't know
you I'm struggling I don't know if you
just estas one or whatever I just feel
[ __ ] like angry as hell and I feel
like I have to do some I go I go demon
mode so i loved i love doing on my
squats and deadlifts at the end of my
routine when i'm the most tired now
obviously if you 21st rammed us you know
definitely not for something you should
do I'm just doing this to test-fire my
potential I like doing that so anyway
I'm going back at you know going back to
square one ok perfecting my phone making
sure I don't get injured again you know
learning to you know come up strong and
you know humph what I like to see people
ask me you know how it was my philosophy
on squatting what I like doing is if I'm
doing deep squats from other fronts cuz
i really don't go as the grass but i'm
doing his cause i have to i don't like
doing that a lot because it activates my
glutes and I hate that is my visa huge
but um I go down act like I'm sitting
back and when I come up I pretend like
I'm smashing I'm just like thrusting my
hips so I push up my claws into a smile
as well
but yeah you're gonna see a lot of
squatting videos like i said i'm excited
i can squat without pain now and it's
time to break some Piazza no got the
deadly feel I'm gonna hit the scrapyards
and pretty soon I might start benching
again who knows we'll see but uh that's
it no I'm just a little squat action and
dominate
you
