hey guys what's going on Megan here all
right testosterone quiz studies show
that men who get placed around
attractive women daily end up with
higher testosterone levels than those
who do not even if they don't interact
with the women is this true or false
nine percent vote are false 91 voted
true what do you guys think the answer
is so what's gonna happen is I'm gonna
give you guys the answer obviously I'm
gonna explain to you guys what's the
correct answer then I'm going to read
the comments and answer frequently asked
questions all right uh obviously the
correct answer is true 91 people got
this correct right
um studies on humans studies and animals
all come to the same conclusions and
that ties back into the video that I
made yesterday
about the purpose of testosterone it
evolved for sex testosterone did not
evolve for muscle mass and strength and
energy those are just things that came
along for the ride right because they
obviously helped us helped our ancestors
clap cheeks but really the main purpose
of testosterone is to have sex to help
you pass on your genes
um without testosterone you could still
live a normal life the main reason why
you have it and the main reason why men
have 10 to 20 times more than females
because men have to put a lot more
energy and a lot more effort into having
sex than to pass on our genes uh by the
way watch that video while I went to the
details but yeah that's the correct
answer whenever you expose men to
females attractive females
um obviously there's no studies on what
happens if you attract if you expose men
to ugly [ __ ] because who's gonna you
know it's not ethical you know I would
love to to sponsor such a study but no
one is going to allow this in this [ __ ]
in a society but uh we do know that when
you place
man around attractive females they get
an increases testosterone that's very
fast actually happens very fast
um and it's not just do luteinizing
hormone because the spike into
testosterone from luteinizing hormone
actually has like about a 40 minute to
an hour lag time so your body uses
different
um Pathways you know using your
catecholar means which I've explained in
the past but skip another nerdy talk
um point is this is why I always tell
you guys surround yourself with even if
you don't want to talk to them that's
fine always put yourself in situations
where you're around women it's going to
give you an increase in testosterone and
it's going to help you and keep in mind
it's just the increases testosterone
it's not just for no reason it doesn't
just go up just to go up you know it
goes up because in a lot of those
studies they'll notice that it forces
the men to do behaviors that will
eventually
um if they're lucky enough get them laid
for example there was a study where uh
if you put an attractive female around
the skateboarding area The Men start
doing riskier plays and riskier tricks
um whatever you want to [ __ ] call it
uh if it's a basketball game it doesn't
matter what the environment is even even
if it's a
um a a chess game or a video game comedy
doesn't matter what the the setting is
when you put an attractive female in the
group in the area men get an increase in
testosterone and that increases
testosterone suddenly obviously goes to
the brain converts to actually converts
to DHT and makes them do behaviors uh
that you know ultimately increase their
chances of getting a mate a lot of us
don't even know that this is happening
and I know a lot of you guys can relate
when you're in the gym you're going for
your 10 rep max and then the hot girl
walks in and you do like 15 reps or
you're going to do your one rep max and
then there's a hot girl in a you know in
the vicinity and then you end up doing
three reps uh this is well documented
guys and that's why
that's another reason why I love to
start song so much right it is very
objective it just wants you to get laid
that's all it wants you know the muscle
mass the strength all of those things is
because we evolve to have
um men that have bigger muscles men that
were faster men that had more energy
obviously passed on the genes more you
know on average if you look at different
animals species where you pass on your
genes you attract mace by being colorful
then those animals become more colorful
when you increase the testosterone you
know like look at the peak eye for
example or if you look at animals where
the the male who dances the most you
know gets the most [ __ ] then you know
those species when it just stops and
goes up they start dancing like
[ __ ] right if you look at
animals where you need to sing like a
lot of birds there's some species where
the female picks the one that has the
best song well when you inject them the
males with testosterone or when the
testosterone naturally goes up these
[ __ ] birds start singing like
crazy right it turned into uh musicians
overnight so
all testosterone cares about is passing
on your genes depending on your species
you're gonna get different you know
um morphological changes
so it's no surprise that when you're
around attractive women your T levels go
up you know and that's another reason
why I keep telling man over and over
again staying home all day is one of the
worst things you could do as a man it's
gonna it's it's one of the biggest root
causes of porn addiction of uh social
anxiety the declining in communication
skills I mean almost everything you
could think about you know that afflicts
men today could be well I don't want to
say it's the only Factor but
is one of the most dominant factors it's
just being home all day you know because
when you home all day you're not
attracted you know you're not around
females right so you don't get that
spike in testosterone you know which is
again it's not permanent right obviously
when you leave the environment it goes
back down but you don't get that
constant spike in testosterone that
pushes you to do uh things that will
increase your status and increase your
ability to earn a mate you don't get
sunlight obviously so that leads to
vitamin D deficiency that leads to drops
in dopamine levels that leads to uh you
know difficulty synthesizing melatonin
at night I mean so many things happen
when you just stay home all day you're
not getting yourself like you're not
getting your social interaction you're
not you're not making new friends you're
not exposed to females I could go on and
on you know but um but you get the point
guys go outside you you don't have to
talk to the girls you know you guys know
I don't believe in cold approach
[ __ ] right that's dumb as well
that's creepy as hell
um two issues on but you know I could
make all separate feeder about why
that's one of the worst you could do but
just go outside surround yourself with
men
um whether you know them or not you know
you never know sometimes you could be
outside and you could you could meet a
person that could become your friend or
you can be the person I could become
your your mental enemy somebody that you
see and you go you know what I want to
surprise that person
and that moment right there can change
the entire trajectory of your life you
know but long story so I I know I
hijacked this video with you know don't
stay home all day but I'm gonna make a
dedicated video on why being home all
day is one of the worst things that men
can do uh and obviously I'm gonna back
it up with evidence but let's look at
the comments and answer frequently asked
questions let's see I believe this is
100 when I'm in the gym surrounding
about yep I literally just explained
this when I'm in a gym surrounded by
beautiful women I get an instant boost
in surfing endurance guys I could give
you a billion stories on this you know
me my my workout Partners back in the
days uh so many stories we were in the
gym tired we had post sleep the night
before and then a bad [ __ ] walks in and
we rapping out like Ronnie Coleman I
mean it's insane you know testosterone
does not [ __ ] around guys you get a
crazy Spike and again not just in
successful but also DHT
um which obviously is more powerful but
anyway when I'm in the gym surrounding
the beautiful women I get an instant
boost in Smith and endurance when me and
my friendship big booty chick walk past
it yeah that's exactly what I was
explaining uh and I didn't see the
comment we see the women in the gym as
games are quick easy more better
yeah I'm pretty sure pheromones play a
part in this either way I need to get a
place where I trusted women daily yeah
yeah you know take action guys don't
just watch these videos and go oh that's
cool that's cool information you know
incorporating to your daily routine
um and you gotta understand too another
reason why men had higher testosterone
levels back in the days was because
nobody was home all day guys
[ __ ] were outside so not only
you got the nutrient aspect the diet
aspect that I talk about in every video
but they were outside they got this
sunlight they were exposed to pitches
they were exposed to [ __ ] they were
always in a competitive environment
right remember the three things that you
need to boost the testosterone if you
want to categorize every testosterone
boosting thing into three things it's
uh number one is nutrients that's goated
right that's your micronutrients
vitamins your minerals your
macronutrients so your protein your fats
your carbs whatever
um you know your probiotics you know
fiber blah blah right that's number one
number two is good stress and number
three is bad stress what do I mean so
number two is you want to increase good
stress which is compete more I made a
video about that the biggest
testosterone increase we've seen in the
literature was from competition uh it's
bigger than sleep it's bigger than
anything that we've ever seen so compete
so that's good stress obviously get some
sunlight you could put that into the
good stress category exercise lift
weights walk all right
um you know get your steps in anything
that's stressful but a good stressor to
your body is going to increase
testosterone right walking is going to
increase blood flow it's gonna lower
cortisol blah blah blah blah obviously
lifting weights is going to lower
inflammation long term
um it's going to dilate your blood
vessel it's gonna lower insulin
resistance
and then bastructs meaning lower your
bad stress so sleep I saw your lower
back stress as you sleep uh stop
drinking alcohol stop uh smoking
cigarettes you know stop pretty much
doing anything that's bad for you stop
eating junk food stop eating you know
fried foods seed oils uh you know
anything that's bad stress or lower
testosterone so that's it those are the
three things you need to boost
testosterone number one get your
nutrients number two increase your good
stress number three lower your back
stress that's it everything that I talk
about or everything that you ever read
about testosterone boosting falls into
one of those three categories
you know
um and putting yourself around women
that's part of the good stress because
it's stressful
for a lot of you [ __ ] when I
extroverted or when I used to being in
Social settings I know it's going to be
stressful but it's good stress
um but anyway so either way I need to
get responsibility women uh next that's
why Chaz always happy and have a very
assertive Aura around them while Jim
sucks Cobra gym in their left hands
truth assassin's function is mainly for
reproduction there you go yeah uh
everyone is on this assumption that you
know this [ __ ] society right what are
you supposed to feel bad for having a
sex drive
get the [ __ ] out of here I can't stand
those people guys oh I get so heated
every time I I see a comment on semen
retention or low-fat you guys are
[ __ ] idiots you know it not only is
the watch my video on on nofap watch my
videos see my retention
um they have good intentions but they're
ignorant as [ __ ] yeah you don't want to
be addicted to porn yeah you don't want
to fap all day but at the same time you
don't want to restrict your sexual urges
you know just that's not evolved for
that right if you do everything in your
power to restrict your sex drive guess
what you will also lower your
testosterone and you ultimately lower
your success because really Sex Drive is
the number one driver of male success
facts
but I'm going to change it here
um
but uh let's see it's funny because
sometimes the prettiest girl in the room
who is only a 510 can be provided to a
10 10. can be promoted to attention in
an instant funny how the mind works I
think they feel between strong
comparative man you produce even more
yeah correct correct if you're around uh
you know a lot of studies on that in
humans and obviously in animals in
chimps and bonobos
um obviously in uh you know Lions wild
animals you name me right around mating
season when men are surrounded by uh you
know [ __ ] in heat and and horny
[ __ ] oh that's when testosterone is
the highest in the animal kingdom the
highest you know I could show you some
of the studies where some of the chimps
went from I think around 500 to 600 90
grand but that's a leader uh which is
similar to humans and they went to like
over three thousand especially the alpha
males they were around three thousand
now they're going for desolated which is
bodybuilder territory bodybuilder
obviously on steroids territory
um and when mating season is over and
the men of around competitive males and
they're no longer around [ __ ] in heat
the tea levels go back down right your
brain your hypothalamus always scans
your environment to decide if it should
release gonadotropin releasing hormone
or not you know so that's why you can't
be home all day and when the world but
to start someone only 400 there's no
reason for your body to give you a
thousand nanogram per deciliter because
you're homo you're not you're not
competing the parties the body doesn't
want to wish resources especially since
the Assassin is dangerous it's costly
you know if it's constantly elevated uh
I could explain why but I'm going to
take this video to a whole different
um
you know um I'm gonna derive this whole
video if I try to explain why but yeah
you know inverter you don't want key
levels constantly High blah blah blah
uh so that's why if you're not around if
you're not in an environment where your
body feels like you need the
testosterone it won't give it to you you
know you could you could eat you could
sleep you could do everything that's you
could check off everything else but if
you're home all day you're not around
women you're not around men
competitive men
um your status is not threatened you'd
be around 500 maybe 690 Grand per
decilitated testosterone you know
um anyway
and this is why there's always fires and
drive my night clubs and bars correct
correct that's exactly why if you remove
women or if you remove the need for
status aggression actually goes down
because remember testosterone has not
increase aggression it increases the
drive for status which obviously is
obtained through aggression in uh many
uh species including humans and you know
depends on the culture or whatever
anyway well this is a hard question it
definitely increases two levels but it's
actually good for us uh what about Islam
and the way that women are dressing you
can somebody have low T actually it's
funny you mentioned that because there's
a study uh actually uh I think I
mentioned in the Discord where uh that
did it in one of the Muslim nations and
they found out that men who are not
around women because obviously in a lot
of Islamic Nations there are some
schools when women are not allowed the
men in those institutions have lower
testosterone levels than the men in
institutions in the same regions where
there are women around
think about that you know and sure
enough they concluded that is because
we're moving women you know uh lowers
obviously dopamine right so keep in mind
guys
dopamine increases testosterone through
lowering prolactin which obviously leads
to increasing gender age and
increasingly as a hormone so there's no
women around to stimulate your your
brain you know to stimulate your drive
once again testosterone goes down um if
I could if I found a study because I
know I I have it saved in which computer
do I have it on because I've studied on
so many different [ __ ] computers and
files but if I find it I'll post it on
the screen if not I'll make a separate
video on it but yes if you separate men
if you put men in an environment where
there's no women at all
the Chile was good out and the men don't
even know it
crazy just like in the animal kingdom
you can move the females or you move the
drive for status T levels goes down
um in my gym there's a lot of uh and
that's why I also told you guys religion
evolved to actually control men religion
evolved to lower men's testosterone it's
good and it's also bad right it's good
because that's how you have a organized
peaceful Society it's bad because that's
how you control men you know but
here next in my dream there's a lot of
hard tricks I don't worry about that I
don't know how to push all the dudes
even worse it shakes why does this
happen I'll just explain it many wishes
have lower T levels yep uh that's
actually true and I explain why I don't
want to go off that change it but
um one of the reasons is because think
about it man in relationship you no
longer out there competing you no longer
out there chasing cheeks
um not to mention the stress is higher
uh not to mention your your drivers
reduce your your
there's no need guys my girlfriend hates
when I say this but a girlfriend is one
of the worst things that could happen to
a man early in his uh quote-unquote
masculine career meaning when he's
trying to obtain glory and obtain status
occurs one of the worst things you could
have because they make you so
comfortable especially if it's a good
girl that make you comfortable I'm
talking about a good girl once again to
make you comfortable to lower your
stress uh they're making so you have to
compete as much for us because this ass
at home all the time
um and it lowers your testosterone and
that's without the baby once the baby
becomes a long game over your T levels
are getting [ __ ] but again I can make
a whole video on how you could deal with
that uh you know
there's a reason why the dead body
happens but anyway what does this happen
and what does this happen why a person
do some attracting gay men around women
answer me first of all it's God it's not
every prison guy who's jacked right you
guys love to to use survivorship bias
you know there's a lot of prison dudes
who are scorny skinny fat out of shape
um and keep in mind prisoners also
around women you guys you guys forget
that there's female correction officers
you know there's there's feet in fact
that's why that's why you get those
crazy stories of prisoners who uh
Knocked Up
um females and [ __ ] you know uh don't
don't get it twisted there are women in
um
in uh in prison working and you know
doing other stuff but anyway first I've
been an army and been in University my
testimony was way [ __ ] hard because I
was surrounded by competition uh how
does that go against what I just said
why were you surrounded by tricks to get
estrogen vibes okay stop making that
[ __ ] that's not how it works you get
anyway I already explained this earlier
um
what if you're surrounded by some Eagles
uh has significance the increase is huge
in one study well in one study it only
went about 20 another one went about 10
in a study where the guy actually had
sex when about 100 one guy went about
109 the for the whole group it was only
about 70 percent which is huge but again
it depends it depends on you know the
setting uh you know how close the woman
is again it depends on many factors but
the the increase is significant
swear that I saw a video yesterday of
watching adult films increase your
testosterone but got taken down and had
to crack my thumbnail yeah yeah
um I don't know that video is still on
YouTube it probably took it down I know
they're demonetized the [ __ ] out of it
but yeah there's a study where thanks
for reminding me I could please forgot
about that video I made uh there's a
study where just watching attractive
women I don't think it was porn it was
just you know uh it was borderline porn
right so you know it was girls doing
exotic dances and stuff like that yeah
it increased the man's testosterone
right before they went to the gym and
they beat the three red Max Only The Men
Who were you know who saw the the sexual
clip the man who did not see the sexual
clip did not get an increase in that
squat three red Max once again guys
women man women are the I think the
video is called women are the number one
testosterone boost or whatever you know
I love women women are the number one
testosterone booster you just gotta
Channel it you know you can't just stay
home all day and beat your meat that's
stupid you know you're not making any
progress
uh but again watch my video on where I
explain
um how to channel your your sex drive
um that's why I would say the most
successful men have the highest sex
drive period obviously on average right
don't don't go out there and mention
these [ __ ] outliers and [ __ ] you know
it's always that one guy meanwhile if I
said the average height in America is
510 nobody says well I know a person
who's seven feet tall no because they
understand how averages work but yet
when I use the same average to explain
something there's always a [ __ ]
speaker that comes out
Mark Zuckerberg anyway
overall on average the most successful
men have the highest sex drive
you know I can make a video explaining
to you guys exactly why sexual habits
start to success but in short I'm pretty
sure you guessed it you know the higher
your sex drive obviously the less
satisfied you are with your current you
know availability to females so you work
hard enough to close that Gap whereas
when your sex drive is low and you're
okay with smashing the chick once a week
maybe once a month you don't need to
work as hard you know because you got
exactly what you what you want so men
that have very high sex drives who need
to be satisfied by multiple women end up
working extremely hard
um to close that Gap but
anyway jokes are never bisexual what if
you get is it still increase I I have to
check that but I'm pretty sure it still
goes up because uh it's about why your
brain perceives if your brain sees it as
you know because even when you get your
you know your brain still thinks that
you were producing all right remember
your your brain is not perfect you know
so gay [ __ ] they see another gay guy
and they still get horny they still get
a hard on they still bust a nut so their
brain still sees it as oh you know
Conquest so I'm pretty sure it should
work for gay guys you know as well I
don't see why not
um but trust me I I'm not in any rush to
go look up the studies for that
um that's why Amigo has low t uh
but anyway uh the thing that answers
most of the questions all right guys
join the Discord post your video
questions there support the channel if
you wish if not all my information is
free always has been free the Articles
the the Reddit the Discord whatever good
luck guys I'm out all right guys don't
forget to like or share the video
subscribe and hit the bell and buy my
HSB nucleus of a little training program
see also made program for maximum muscle
growth it includes full body workout
splits bro splits push-pull home
workouts you name it also comes with a
complete guide for macros nutrition fat
loss monster growth hormones including a
meal plan it's pretty much all my 16
years of experience condensed into one
[ __ ] book you're also gonna get free
copies of any future Edition so visit
team3dalpha.com and you can use the 40
off coupon code nucleus overload or you
could just buy the share full price all
right guys I'm out of here
