hey guys what going on Megan here all
right the videos are back as promised
how to do my usual break but anyway
let's get straight to it so the top
shoulder exercises for nucleus overload
right do not confuse this with the bad
shoulder exercises in general it's a
completely different criteria all right
so let's start obviously the criteria
for nuclear silverload exercis is the
same number one it has to be an
isolation movement number two it has to
have a low injury risk number three it
has to reduce muscle damage as much as
possible or keep it to a minimum four it
has to provide very low CNS fatigue and
number five it has to give you a great
pumps right so if you have all five of
those that's going to be a s exercise
all right let's get started all right
standing overhead press one of my
favorite exercises and one of the most
recommended exercises and almost all of
my programs uh for hypertrophy strength
and even for Fighters but for the case
of uh being a case of nuclear civil Lo
I'm not going to rank that high that's
going to shock a lot of you guys it's
going to go in DT right it does not
check the majority of the boxes for what
makes a great nucleus overload exercise
it's a great movement for everything
else that I mentioned earlier right if
you're a fighter if you're trying to
increase strength if you're trying to uh
just focus on a big compound movement
for shoulders in general but to isolate
the shoulders for nuclear Sil load I
cannot rank that higher than D next we
have C the shoulder press that's going
to go in C again to avoid repeating
myself over and over again just look at
the criteria and you'll know why I have
it in C tier standing shoulder press
barbell version that's going to go in C
tier for nucleus overload next we have
standing military press but using
dumbbells same thing that's going to go
in De here next we have seated behind
the neck press using the barbell I'm
going to put that in C tier for nucleus
overload and again remember guys if this
was a overall shoulder exercise Tail
list those movements will be at the very
top not s there but it'll be very up
there but again be reminded
this is for nucleus of where you want to
reduce damage reduce
fatigue and prioritize isolation
movements next we have seated Arnold
press I'm going to put that at C tier as
well next we have standing upright rows
with a shoulder width grip or slightly
apart slightly wider apart that's
actually going to go in B tier next we
have close grip uppr Ro that's also
going to go in B here for nucleus
overload next we have seated dumbbell
front raises one Al at a time that's
actually going to go in a tier right
again obviously if you focused on your
front your front dels all right next we
have the basic lateral Rays right that's
going to go in a tier obviously for
nucleus overload and by the way this is
using dumbbells next we have same thing
lateral raise one arm at a time uh using
an incline bench that's going to go in a
tier as well next we have standing front
Rays using the barbell that's
uh I'm going to put that I'm going to
put that in a here right I was tempted
to put in B but I put in a here it's not
that taxing uh on the joints the risk of
injury is low blah blah blah all right
next we have uh one arm lateral Rays
using the cable that's going to go in s
tier s steer no doubt about it it's an
isolation movement the risk of injury is
low low muscle damage low risk of CNS
fatigue and obviously a great pump all
right next we have the B over reverse
flies using the cables that's also going
to go in s tier an amazing exercise for
nuclear silverload and your real delts
next we have done by lader rays but
leaning away from uh the wall that's
going to go in a tier next we have B
over reverse fli using dumbbells that's
going to go in a tier next we have
seated reverse fli using the machine oh
my goodness that's going to win s tier
from the clusive load next we have
seated lateral raises bent arm using the
machine where your arms are bent at a
90Â° angle that's going to go in s tier
for nucleus of
load next we have standing lateral
raises using the machine very few gmans
have this you know which is sad uh but
that's obviously going to go in s tier
next we have face pools standing face
pools that's also going to go oh by the
way using the cable uh and the Rope
apparatus that's also going to go in s
tier next we have standing reverse fls
using the cables uh that's going to go
in s tier obviously next we have the
trap bar overhead shoulder press that's
going to go in De tier I used to love
that exercise that's me by the way from
years ago um next we have seated should
press using the machine almost every gym
has that that's going to go in uh that's
going to go in cat here as well next we
have a similar exercise but using the
Hammer Strength right see this shoulder
press using the Hammer Strength machine
that's also going to go in CER for
nuclear Sil load and we have two more
shoulder pressing exercises which are
pretty much the same motion just using
different machines they're all going to
go in C tier and I said guys that's the
best shoulder exercises for nucleus
overload do not confuse that with the
best overall shoulder exercises right
the list is going to be completely
different all right don't forget to like
the video subscribe and support the
channel on the website stay tuned for
the next one
