hey guys my ancestors crop report to or
the first video where I left off we
finish your glycogen stores which remain
anabolics the number one make sure
you're glad with your stores always full
you add enough cover i trace your
energies back even though you don't feel
it even if you it sometimes you might
feel like on your energy today but it
doesn't mean your glycogen so that we
feel like I said use the formula it
takes a day 20 hours 20 to 24 hours to
go from zero percent to one hundred
percent so based on the intensity of
your workout try to estimate how much
time you need to fully recover before
you go to the gym again and go you know
balls out so that's very important your
glycogen stores enough are not fold
you're not building any muscle second
two men and a body remember guys go to
the gym do those heavy compound
movements you know you know stimulate
you know all your muscle fibers do come
back home and just make your party
release all those even growth hormone to
start all those good and a bottle of
hormones because it's common sense you
know this would be way that I have water
when you write in order to be anabolic
you got to have all those anabolic
hormones insulin you know pretty much it
on your diet you can't go on a low-carb
diet and being about it not [ __ ]
happening insulin um just out so on a
growth hormone testosterone and things
like that it's mostly released when you
lift it really heavy putting your body
under a lot of stress but on the short
period of time after that leave the gym
45 minutes you guys already know the
formula and I'm growth hormone is mostly
at night when you're sleeping the longer
you sleep the more time growth hormone
has to come in and repair and do all out
the stars pro more muscle proof i'm not
going to go to the science but just
remember insulin let's relate to your
diet you know high in carbs good that
dressing you know good slow digesting
college um testosterone and also just
that someone is you know you got a lot
of healthy fats like olive oil osters
avocados things like that a lot of
healthy fats nuts cashews zinc everybody
needs into for the success on his final
bananas why do you think we will is so
[ __ ] buff man but I'm growth hormone
sleep sleep sleep got at least eight
hours sleep even me it's hard for me to
like keep that at our margin because I
go to school like I said you guys are my
busy
no keep throwing your face but it's
often when you get out of sleep but guys
you need that sleep sleep is one you
don't build muscle when you in the gym
in a Jimmy destroyed muscles that's open
a mullet you will destroy your muscles
when did whether you will blow your
muscles when you are at the gym when
eating and sleeping so the biggest after
the biggest factor the muscle group is
what's being done outside of the gym how
long are you sleeping how often are you
eating good at you no good on good foods
so remember God sleep eat train sleep
eat train we are trained but we don't
always sleep in annoying on and I'm evil
so guys you got to do it remember widely
people each other so big they sleep of
[ __ ] lot all they're doing I fell
asleep growth hormone has all the time
and needs to repair them all [ __ ] two
minutes guys subscribe Tim 3d seven ish
you live
