hey guys what's going on megan here the
video is finally out you guys have been
harassing me about this for so long um
why is it that your mother decides your
bodybuilding potential how jacked you
can get by the way rest in peace ronnie
coleman's mother she passed away years
ago but as you can see she was pretty
jacked as well and i want to explain
this video exactly why whether you're
natural or enhanced why is it that your
mother plays the biggest role in
hijacked you can get but first of all
before we start remember all the roles
that testosterone plays in the human
body guys you got to remember that for
you to understand this video the effects
that testosterone has on your ability to
build muscle obviously increasing
protein synthesis kick-starting dna
transcription and also the roles that it
has in dna translation by the m2 pathway
the role that it has on your ability to
lose fat on your recovery your bone
density increasing your strength your
energy levels your motivation and
aggression
your overall mood
and feeling a well-being your glycogen
replenishment rate and obviously your
sex drive your blood flow
your red blood cells blah blah blah all
of these things all of these things that
just stop swallowing is extremely
important for is mainly mediated by the
androgen receptor right the testosterone
receptor whatever you want to call it
right so everyone has the backwards
everyone thinks that's testosterone
that's the most important thing it's
really the androgen receptor right
testosterone's effects are mainly
mediated by binding to the androgen
receptor
obviously testosterone has some other
non-genomic effects but the pal in
comparison to what it actually does once
it activates the androgen receptor
translocates to the nucleus and starts
dna transcription of all of the genes
that affect the things that we just
talked about so long story short without
the androgen receptor testosterone is
almost useless in the human body now
obviously it can convert to estrogen and
affect the estrogen receptor beta just
like this on its orchestra and it can
also activate g protein size and things
like that but for the purpose of this
video we're going to focus on the main
effects that it has by the androgen
receptor and that's because if you go
back to my crazy detective chart here
the androgen receptor is at the center
of almost every anabolic pathway in the
body i mean it is insane the role that
this one gene plays in your adaptations
to training after myostatin it is by far
the most important gene for muscle
growth
in fact it regulates myostatin by
increasing your rg and phone receptor
and your father's statin but i'm gonna
try my best to keep this video simple in
the layman terms also study after study
after study has confirmed this i'm gonna
post some of the links in the
description you can check them out if
you're a nerd like me and you just love
to read scientific articles but the
research is also clear out of all of the
things that correlate with muscle growth
nothing and i mean nothing is more
important than your receptor not even
the amount of testosterone you have in
your blood itself now if you want i can
make a video about all the specific
studies one at a time i have dozens of
them um for example in this one
obviously you have the higher responders
on the left side low responders on the
right and as you can see here baseline
before the training program even began
the higher responders already had
extremely high androgen receptor content
whereas the low responders were down
here before the training program even
started and obviously after the training
program same thing another study saw the
exact same thing right the change in
energy receptor content from before and
after training huge correlation with the
actual gains from the protocol now the
study same thing same correlation more
androgen receptor content all
sensitivity more gains this study here
same thing that's the famous study that
i've mentioned in nucleus overload all
the time higher responders people who
grow really fast from training even at
baseline even before they start training
already have high amount of satellite
cells among nuclei and of course the
androgen receptor is in and around the
myonuclei
so the more nuclei you have the more
energy receptors therefore the higher
your sensitivity to training which is
the whole point of nuclear load anyway
increasing your mind nuclei therefore
increasing the amount of energy
receptors therefore increasing the
amount of dna transcription sites for
muscle protein synthesis and even if you
look at elite bodybuilders who are on
all the drugs in the world every single
anabolic steroid right there especially
the top ones the top 10 work through the
androgen receptor obviously they have
other pathways like i mentioned earlier
competing with cortisol lowering protein
breakdown increasing phallic style
whatever but that main mechanism of
action is through the engineering
receptors so that goes with all the
testosterone derivatives androgen
receptor dynamo androgen receptor oh the
19 no derivatives so that's deca you
know all the envelope derivatives trying
all that stuff nitrogen receptor all the
dhc derivatives so your anaval your
winstrol your master on your superdraw
all of the dhc compounds again androgen
receptor and even igf-1 peptides need
the enzyme receptor to work simply
because the androgen receptor codes for
the igf-1 receptor so once again whether
unity or enhanced
you can't escape it the ar is at the
bottom of everything even if you decide
to use songs once again what do you guys
think songs mean selective energy and
receptor modulators working through the
androgen receptor also if you watch my
video on black genetics i explained this
a million times black people are one of
the most androgen sensitive people on
the planet on average of course right
they have very very very high energy and
receptor sensitivity which makes it
extremely easy for them to put on muscle
along with the other factors that i
mentioned in the video go back and watch
it so i don't have to repeat everything
here
they have very very short androgen
receptor repeat lamps right which
obviously makes the ar very sensitive so
one even if they're natural
they have a high end response to
training on average and if they do
decide to hop on the juice even with
very very low doses they're able to make
ridiculous gains whereas if you have low
androgen receptor sensitivity you have
to use a lot more drugs at much higher
dosages in order to get the same
response which is obviously more
dangerous and will get you busted anyway
as you can see here blacks have the
highest energy center sensitivity
white and hispanics are somewhere in the
middle and some east asian populations
and also some south asian populations
have very low energy receptor
sensitivity which is not always a bad
thing because once again you guys
remember there's always a trade-off
right if you're very good at something
that always comes with a trade-off the
trade-off being prostate cancer of
course with black people also having the
highest
incidences of prostate cancer simply
because the androgen receptor is way too
sensitive there are other factors
involved as well but the androgen
receptor sensitivity is one of the
biggest reasons and as you can see
asians have
very low incidences of prostate cancer
partially due to their low sensitivity
right so there's always a trade-off high
al sensitivity more gains hyper
responded to steroids but also very high
chances of getting prostate cancer and
if you remember in this study i made a
video about that group that took us to
relent
which obviously black sugar and
endotroping relation hormone got [ __ ]
gains they actually gained fat from
training whereas the placebo group
obviously lost fat right so they gained
fat instead of losing fat they didn't
get as much strength and they obviously
didn't get as much muscle because the
testosterone levels were crushed to the
ground
as well as the free testosterone levels
so the only thing that was able to
activate the androgen receptor was
obviously the small amount of
testosterone that your adrenal glands
produce it's the same thing in rodent
studies right same thing with rats mice
whatever right this one for example the
group that was treated with a standalone
which is obviously an androgen receptor
blocker look at the difference in gains
right same training protocol
huge reduction in gains so you could
train all you want you could
progressively overload all you want you
could eat you could do everything
that is recommended to build muscle but
if your androgen receptor is not being
activated you are [ __ ] and once again
another study here same thing gains from
resistance training were impaired and
gains from endurance training when
impaired in this group they actually
took flutamide
which is another hydrogen receptor
blocker so long story short hopefully
you now see how important the
engineering receptor is now what does
your mom have to do with that well i
mapped out
all of the genes that have the biggest
effects on hypertrophy you guys know i'm
a nerd i love doing [ __ ] like that in my
spare time i [ __ ] love the human body
and i do nerdy [ __ ] like this all the
time but anyway
here are all the genes that are very
crucial for hypertrophy and look
obviously you guys have 23 chromosomes
two copies of each gene blah blah blah
you should notice by now and look where
the androgen receptor is chromosome x so
unlike every other gene that is
important for hypertrophy right that you
have two copies of one from your mom
from your dad the androgen receptor
unfortunately if you're a guy by the way
nothing if your woman if you're a guy
you only have one copy of and it's on
chromosome [ __ ] x as you can see here
and sure enough if you're a guy who do
you get chromosome x from your mother so
if your mother has a [ __ ] up
engineering receptor or extremely long
androgen receptor repeat lymphs right
meaning your endoderm receptor is not
very sensitive you are [ __ ] because
you do not have a second copy just like
all the other genes right from your
father
right because remember your dad only
gives you the y chromosome if you're a
boy
so he does not give you his uh his x
chromosome so sure that has amazing
genetics of bodybuilding very sensitive
androgen receptor
all of that good [ __ ] if you're a girl
good right he's going to give you one
half if you're a boy you are [ __ ]
you're only getting his why chromosome
fathers pass on the x chromosome to
their daughters
and their chromosome to their sons which
is why if you notice guys who are really
really really good genetics their mom
right obviously if they're trained
because obviously if your mom doesn't
train she's not gonna notice that she
has good genetics but guys who have
really good bodybuilding genetics when
their mom trains they're put on gains
like [ __ ] crazy relative to other
women right and it is that x chromosome
that hopefully your mother passes on to
you unless you're extremely unlucky and
she has one [ __ ] up copy of the x
chromosome and she gives you the [ __ ]
up one and keeps the other one but i
digress but anyway guys that said if you
have great genetics for bodybuilding for
building muscle you're a hyper responder
thank you mother if you have [ __ ] for
bodybuilding there are still things you
can do right you can remember you can
increase the amount of androgen
receptors so even if they're not very
sensitive
just increasing the shear amount of them
is going to help you leverage them to
the best of your abilities i can make a
separate video on all the different ways
to increase the amount of engineering
receptors or the engine receptor density
of your body but obviously the main
method is always going to be the same
nucleus [ __ ] overload increase the
amount of myonuclei
increase the amount of satellite cells
in the muscle and you will indirectly
increase the amount of hydrogen
receptors anyway guys hope this video
helps see you in the comment section
alright guys don't forget to like or
share the video subscribe and hit the
bell and buy my hsp nucleus of a little
training program it's the ultimate
program for maximum muscle growth it
includes full body workout splits bro
splits push-pull home workouts you name
it also comes with a complete guide for
macros nutrition fat loss muscle growth
hormones
including a meal plan it's pretty much
all my 16 years of experience
condensed into one [ __ ] book you're
also gonna get free copies of any future
edition so visit team3d alpha.com and
you can use the forty percent off coupon
code nucleus overload or you could just
buy this [ __ ] at full price all right
guys i'm out of here
