hey guys what's going on Megan here all
right the 20 most important muscles to
get a crazy Vaper crazy Vaper keep in
mind this is only for Vaper right so a
lot of the muscles are going to be
placed in uh in categories where a lot
of you not a lot of you guys not going
to be happy right so I'm going to choose
uh you must train this so that's
mandatory you should train this that
that's going to help the Vaper uh
doesn't hurt which is you know no
significant downsides or upsides waste
of time time if a muscle goes here that
means you again you pretty much wasting
your time uh again assuming your goal is
the Vaper uh do not train this so that's
muscles that you should avoid uh growing
and never train this right these are
muscles that are going to destroy your
Vaper uh this is not I repeat this is
not for General bodybuilding whatever
this is people who are solely obsessed
we getting a V taper as fast as possible
all right let's get started traps H this
one makes me sad CU you guys know I'm
I'm big on uh I think traps and neck is
one of the most important muscles but
again for upper
traps H this is going to hurt this is
going to hurt do not train this right
again this is assuming that your only
goal is to maximize your V taper right
uh sadly having a huge uh oper trapezius
is going to make you look narrow
somewhat right it's an illusion
bodybuilding is all about illusions so I
trust me guys I hate placing this here
right cuz you guys know how obsess I am
with traps but unfortunately if you want
to have that crazy Vaper uh do not train
this right you could train it but just
don't make it blow up right uh next you
have front delts right I'm going to put
this here you should train this right
you should train your front delts even
though a lot of people think oh front
delts don't really add to the WID but
they do create an illusion if you have
big front delts it does draw the eyes to
your upper uh you know to your upper
body right and it helps create that
illusional W because keep in mind it's
very hard to train your font dels
without also recruiting part of your
side dels right so it helps um to
definitely train this uh let's see next
we have
chest like I said this CH is going to
upset a lot of people but uh it's a
waste of time it's a waste of time um if
your goal is to have a crazy Vaper
training your chest is a waste of time
again I'm not saying you shouldn't train
your chest or you shouldn't train your
upper traps okay stay objective here
guys all this T list is saying is if you
want to maximize your Vaper training
your chest is a waste of time it's not
going to add to your W
significantly next and again I have to
keep saying this that does not mean you
should not train those muscles Okay
because I'm going to get somebody in the
comments saying chest is important for
this traps are important for that and
they're going to mention everything
except the VT here right let's be
objective next we have uh triceps right
believe it or not right I'm going to put
at you should train this you should
train this and hear me out the long head
is not going to contribute much to your
to your wdth but your side your medial
delts sorry your medial tricep and your
outer tricep your lateral head if it's
massive it is going to add width to your
body not a lot but a little bit right
you don't believe me look at anybody who
has huge uh lateral head or the tricep
and it literally pokes out from the
front right so it's definitely going to
add some
width next we have biceps guys biceps is
a waste of time it's a waste of time uh
if your goal is to maximize your
Vaper uh next we have abs H this one is
interesting because yes lowering your
body fat is definitely definitely going
to add uh you know to your Vaper but
that's only if you have you know a
Blacky wayist and you have love handles
and stuff right but as far as
hypertrophying the ab muscles making
your abs Blacky and muscular from the
front it's a waste of time right it's
not going to do anything to your V taper
now if you're referring to losing body
fat right around your midsection then
that's a must right so it depends on how
you guys want to interpret this right so
as far as growing your abs that's not
going to do [ __ ] for your Vaper but as
far as losing body fat around your
midsection so that your you know your
abs are more visible then obviously some
must so I'm going to put this that
doesn't hurt because it's in you know
it's in between and it really depends on
how you want to interpret this all
right next we have uh your lats oh boy
training your lats this goes in you must
train this you absolutely must train
this right and and that includes both
right upper lats lower lats the wider
your lats The Wider your back the
crazier the more pronounced your Vaper
is going to look right so this is
non-negotiable you want to have a crazy
Vaper most in fact over 90% of your V is
going to be your back anyway right uh so
this is a must easy one back thickness
so that's your mid traps your R boids
your do I have spinal yeah I have spinal
recors here so yeah so just your mid
traps and your R boids this is actually
a waste of time it's not going to do
much and again I hate this Tail list
because you guys know some of my
favorite all down here cuz they don't
really play a role in a in the Vaper so
midback as far as back thickness right
so your mid and lower traps yeah that's
not going to do anything for your for
your vtp it's common sense right it
doesn't add to your width uh next you
have oh boy your quads right especially
your vas laterales right your out
quads I'm G get so much hate for this
but this is between do not train this
and never train this right I want to put
it never train in fact never train this
I know I know I know I'm going to get so
much hate but again let's be objective
guys some people out there just want a
crazy Vaper they don't care about
athleticism and looking intimidating or
being powerful learning how to fight
blah blah blah if you just want a crazy
Vaper I'm sorry you should never train
your quads because that's going to
actually give you an X taper right and
if you're upper body is not wide as [ __ ]
then that's actually going to give you a
upside down V tier which looks stupid as
hell so if your goal is to get a crazy V
taper do not train this in fact if you
look at a lot of the uh what is it
called U the physique competitors right
in bodybuilding who just want to have
that crazy Vaper they have chicken legs
for a reason they try to actually not
grow uh the outer head of the quads
right they'll they'll probably train
like the tear drop right but not the OU
because it again it it takes away from
that crazy illusion of the you know the
vshape but uh yeah I mean some some some
people just care about V chers so anyway
next Cavs same thing same thing I'm
gonna put Cavs at D not trainers I know
I know I know sounds crazy but yeah uh
if you have crazy big quads I mean sorry
crazy big CS again it might take away
from that perfect diamond shaped upside
down V look story short if you want to
have a V taper you got to look like
Johnny Bravo right chicken legs and
crazy wide shoulders and back next next
we have hamstrings okay training your
hamstrings I'm going to put that
[Music]
at actually yeah I'm going to put that
at I'm going to put that waste of time
yeah waste of time right if you're
trying to maximize your Vaper your
hamstrings are not going to do much uh
from the front right even from the back
uh next you got forearms again this one
this one's a little tough uh uh actually
no this one is I'm going to put this one
it doesn't hurt right doesn't really
hurt the vaper doesn't help it doesn't
enhance it um I also don't think it's a
waste of time so yeah I'm going to put
that one it doesn't hurt o o neck
h ah I mean this one it depends on who
you ask right some some people would say
having a a big neck makes you look
narrow just like upper
traps um some people say it enhances the
V tier I'm going to be biased and since
I put traps down here you know what [ __ ]
you guys I'm putting this higher I'm
going to put this on it do hurt right
there's no way I'm going to put both
neck and upper traps at do not train
this yes that's me being biased but I
don't care uh so it doesn't hurt right
cuz I believe every everybody should
train their neck for several reasons uh
but some could argue that it hards to
Reaper next we have your baks now this
one is very controversial right if your
obliques are big then sadly that's going
to hurt the V taper right um so I'm
going to put this at do not train this
right it also depends on your genetics
your your structure keep in mind guys
the V Tipper
is a big percent of your V tier genetics
right your frame um but uh making your
blecks bigger will detract from how slim
your waist is right uh next we have your
braak your radialis again this one it's
a waste of time it's a waste of time
it's not going to do much um you know
it's not really going to create that
illusion I know what you're thinking
well forms up here but I can explain a
separate video if you want all right
next you have your real delts so believe
it or not I think you should train this
a lot of people
underestimate how important the real
dels is in adding width to your
shoulders right people forget that first
of all there's a big overlap between
your real dust and your and your side
delt so growing your real dust is going
to add to your W even from the front
even from the front right um You don't
believe me try to get a crazy go to the
gym right and do reverse flies try to
get a crazy maximum pump on your adults
and then stand from the front and you're
actually going to look whiter right so
uh next you have glutes okay come on all
right do do not train this it's between
waste of time and do not train this it's
not going to do anything for your
Vaper uh next you have your spino
Erectors again waste of
[Music]
time oh boy there goes my Nemesis here
TBI Interior right tiia uh-uh do not
train this and last but not least you
have your side delts you absolutely must
train this join the private training
group buy the ebug to support the
channel I'm out
