Megan here starting the series on
testosterone right so you guys requested
in the segments here it is I'm going to
have an episode based on the many many
many different effects of testosterone
on Fat Loss muscle building Health mood
you name it right it's one of my most
studied hormones I love it I've studied
it for you know extensively simply
because it's such an amazing hormone you
know so it's in such a small quantity in
a human body but it produces so many
powerful effects and there's a lot of
misinformation about this that's one out
there so let's get to it uh this one is
on its effect on Fat Loss one of its
effect on Fat Loss uh so obviously I'm
hoping you guys already watch the videos
on how fat loss works because I'm going
to try to you know Skip a lot of those
details that's why I make those videos
this way you know I could skip them in
the upcoming videos and keep the video
shorter so a quick recap just in case
you have your fat cell here which is
this big circle here and you have the
muscle cell whereas where fat actually
gets broken down and if you remember
this is the fat cell but fat is stored
inside of the fat cells as triglycerides
right triglyceride simply means you know
you have a glycero backbone and Three
fatty acid chains attached to it so most
of the fat that we have in our
midsection the fat that we trying to
lose is really glycerol combined with
Three fatty acids
when we losing fat we simply want to
separate those two things right [ __ ] the
glacer that goes to the liver to get
processed we want the fatty acid part
right to go into the muscle cell and get
burned that's why more than 80% of your
fats get burned when you at rest it's
inside the muscle cell so we want those
two things to be split apart once
they're split up glacer goes and [ __ ]
himself fatty acid goes into the muscle
cell and gets burned simple right that's
how you lose fat short and simple now
the remember the enzymes of the human
body are what speed up processes enzymes
Break Stuff up put stuff together so
sure enough you have an enzyme that does
this right they're the workers enzymes
cleave that separate the fatty acids
from the glycero and then they allow the
fatty acids to escape the fat cell and
get burnt off and the more you do this
the obviously the leaner you get now
remember the human body works by
processes and you know you need a
messenger to go knock on the door and
say hey do this and then the guy goes
okay and then on and on and on home
hormones I talk about hormones in almost
every [ __ ] video hormones are
everything hormones decide whether
you're going to build muscle or lose fat
it's not your calories it's not the food
that you eat it's the hormones right the
food that you eat and then your calories
those things are important because they
trigger your hormones but if your
hormones are out of whack it doesn't
matter how good your diet is you're
going to suffer now I explained this in
several several several videos that's
why women and men process nutrients
completely differently you know you can
put them on the same diet same caloric
Surplus or deficit and you going to get
different results why because women and
men have different bances of hormones
especially androgens and estrogens all
right so this this enzyme homos
sensitive lipas along with a bunch of
other enzymes that help speed this
process up right now what active is this
enzyme right you have these green
[ __ ] here right that's adrenaline nor
adrenaline norrine depending on what
country you in but this is simply the
most powerful fat burning hormone right
it's a you know short and simple your
brain takes the amino acid that you eat
preferably phen you know phen alanine
and tyrosine your brain converts it into
um alopa alopa becomes dopamine dopamine
becomes noradrenaline and nor adrenaline
becomes adrenaline right and this is
adrenaline here so adrenaline remember
hormones and neurotransmitters have to
attach themselves to receptors in order
to exercise the effects right this is
basic stuff we talked about it a lot
right you get testosterone same thing
every hormone neurotransmitter in a
human body needs to attach to a receptor
before it sends its message okay
so take this guy here right adrenaline
is going to come in let's say you on a
diet or let's say you exercising your
body wants to burn fat so your brain
your hypothalamus is going to send
signals you know your petuary gland blah
blah blah blah blah you know your body's
going to produce a whole bunch of [ __ ]
but no adrenaline is going to come in
and it's going to bind to its receptor
once it binds to its receptor let me
draw something here now you have this
action going on where it's going to go
ahead once again I'm skipping details
but it's going to activate uh I believe
it's uh Del cycl and it's going to turn
on CM blah blah blah protein keas long
story short it's going to come here and
it's going to activate homos sensitive
lipase which is the [ __ ] that's going
to split those two guys up right into
this right so you need your um
neurotransmitters or your hormones to
buy into the receptors in order for this
to happen now that receptor those
receptors here let me get this these are
called beta receptors beta adrenic
receptors simply because you know
adrenaline works by them now the more of
these you have what's going to happen
because notice imagine let's say you
only have two right so adrenaline is
going to come in and boom those two are
going to bond to The receptors and then
the effect is going to you know be
pronounced it's going to go ahead and
activate this blah blah blah but look at
the other you know molecules of
adrenaline and our adrenaline that are
still in the bloodstream and can't
activate you know hormone system cycat
because they they can't land anywhere
see look you know there's no spots all
the spots already taken so this is why
we have certain body parts that are hard
to lose fat on because we don't have
enough beta receptors on them women the
areas of their bodies that don't have a
lot of those are the lower body you know
like thighs and hips which is why when
the exercise is very very it's like the
last place for them to lose fat is in
their hips and butts and things like
that because those areas don't have a
lot of beta receptors men it's in our
you know our belly fat you know our
midsection doesn't have a lot of beta
receptors that's why it's hard for us to
lose fat So when you say oh I I just
can't lose fat in this region of my body
blah blah blah you know based on
genetics it really BS down to the amount
of bet receptors there okay so where
does testosterone coming in all this
testosterone that's right multiplies the
amount of bet receptors you have whether
you're a man or a woman right the more
testosterone you have the more of those
receptors are going to be on the fat
cell which allows you know the
rest of these
uh you know adrenaline molecules to now
have a place to to
park right and what happens that speeds
up you know the fat burning process
which is why I keep telling people it's
not all about calories it's not all
about what you eat it's about your
hormones because this makes a huge
difference huge difference they've done
it on men women rats that's why when
women see that's a lot of people say oh
you know tone doesn't I made a video and
I explained how uh I think his name was
Leon and I was like oh he lost fat
without steroids and everyone was like
what do you mean steroids is only for
muscle building and I was like no
[ __ ] you really underestimate
the power of steroids testosterone is
not just for muscle building it has a
lot a lot a lot of functions in the
human body including fat loss that's why
when women get on the juice you know
this competitive bodybuilders when they
get on juice they get lean as hell you
know far beyond what the normal female
body is capable of doing because theone
incases the receptors if you take a rat
and you castrate the rat why do you
think the rat puts on weight not even
just a rat take a human body and
castrate a [ __ ] why happens he
puts on a lot of fat as men get older
and the testosterone levels drop what
happens they put on more body fat when a
boy becomes a man and goes through
pubity what happens his T levels go up
and subsequently he becomes leaner and
loses fat that's a lot of us were chubs
kids and as we went through puberty we
started leaning out toone has very very
powerful effects on fat loss in fact if
you're a Natty [ __ ] tassone is
actually more has a more powerful effect
on Fat Loss than muscle building you
know that's why it's very important to
increase your tea levels not just for
muscle building not just for motivation
and all the other things but so to speed
up fat loss all right hope this video
helps uh drug it out forit a bit too
long if you got any questions comment
below stay tuned for the next episode on
this series which is going to exploit
the other effects of tone all right guys
team through the alpha like comment
share subscribe got any questions
comment below and it's going to be
answered in the next F qes I'm out
segments so go in the comment section
and just vote vote on what you think is
your most requested uh topic and then
obviously the one that has the most
likes are the ones are going to
prioritize in case let's
