[Music]
all right guys what's up team 3D Alpha
lot of videos coming up but right now
I'm chilling at M's house what's up we
can't call him the skinny line anyway oh
by the way he just showed me a video of
how he looked last summer now I thought
he was skinny wait till you guys see
this video I'm going to put it right
hold on right there I love okay oh yeah
then you there yeah don't mind us video
it's called pain just p a i n on my
Channel Truth Seeker 182 if you want to
go see it now but otherwise he'll put it
there yeah but right now um we just
chilling talking about personal stuff um
stimulating our brains playing a good
game of chess today Saturday night the
week starts next week it's going to be
the fourth week of school we got you
know midterms coming in chemistry test
yeah so we got to discipline ourselves
we have time to chill time to relax
listen to music time to play some chest
stimulate our bring a little bit
tomorrow is going to be Sunday where we
have going to the gym tomorrow yeah
we're going to the gym tomorrow uh I
didn't go to the gym all week cuz uh you
already know the baby thing the baby was
born I went today yeah but all week from
Monday until now I couldn't go cuz of
the baby and stuff like that but anyway
more videos on that lately tomorrow we
might record our workouts if it's
possible if they let us bring the camera
in we might record a workout but uh yeah
watch that video that you know from Mass
last year last year skin I looked I
looked at it earlier today you guys that
was a skinny little [ __ ] skinny as [ __ ]
and what's the magic not just eating but
your cars your cars guys if you bulking
your cars second your sleep three man
look at this man look at this [ __ ] I
can't see that far my eyes are so bad
dude so train trust me guys training has
its role but really the nutrition and
the recovery is where it's at but anyway
uh we're going to play some chess just
in case I have a lot of subscribers that
love playing chess so just for y'all I
might actually um I'm I'm actually going
to recall this and speed it up just in
case you guys want to watch it for those
of you who don't care about Chess you
could just turn up the video right now
all right guys team through the Alpa
thanks for the Facebook love thanks for
the congratulations wishes on the baby
thanks and uh keep dominating all right
all right let's
go
see King me
