hey guys what's going on I haven't made
one of these videos in a while this is a
day in my life probably part three right
I think it's part three the first time I
did this was I think like two years ago
my old subscribers know what I'm talking
about and I forgot that I haven't
updated you guys only in a long time I
mean everything about me it evolves
things keep changing things things keep
getting better I uh I get rid of useless
details uh I zoom in on what's important
make a long story short um I had a lot
of different daily routines in the past
two years and I figured out you know
might as well keep you guys updated cuz
I got a lot of messages about that and
like I said I completely forgot but
anyway this what I do guys nothing
really changed I still do my 7day Cycles
right I still live life as if I I only
have seven days to live um I believe
that sun in my head Sunday is day one
and then I die by Saturday right so
seven days to live and every goal that I
set every everything that I do is has to
do with those seven days right I'm
trying to maximize the profit on those
seven days I'm trying to maximize the
return you know in economic terms of
those seven days what can each day give
me what can seven days give me and
because I in my head I make myself
believe that I only have seven days to
live I take those seven days very
seriously right that's why I budger my
time to a to to a crazy you know um uh
extent but anyway um let me show you
guys this one real
quick here pretty much I have a see this
was uh from February February 4th right
I just I just pulled it out cuz I'm I'm
working on the one for today so I for
you know let me just show you guys
another one um over here I have my to-do
list right see simple piece of paper in
fact the way I designed this let me show
you
guys I first designed this on a piece of
paper all right first like I told you
guys everything in Megan's world begins
with a piece of paper I first designed a
template on a piece of paper right and
then I brought it to pass on Microsoft
Word simple one page for each day right
over have my mails right so I put 9:00
a. 1200 p.m 3 p.m. 6 p.m. 3 p p.m. every
three hours pretty much depending on the
day right I do these the night before
the next day so that day I uh I started
I started work at 9:00 a.m. so that's
when I you know set up my meal so in in
this category here I plug in my mails
for the day right and I make sure I plug
these in you know the night
before uh then over here I have the
books that I have to read during that
day you guys know I try to read four
books every month and how do I do that I
just try to read 10 minutes of each book
a day right nothing big if you if you
guys know my watch my videos you know
I'm very big on divide and conquer don't
try to do everything all at once right
don't try to read an hour a day or
[ __ ] three hours a day right divide
and conquer break each task uh and make
it as easy to do as possible so here I
put four different books that I have to
read out of my collection here sometimes
I even reread old books you know because
the more experience you get you go back
to an old book and you know it's like a
brand new perspective on it right so
don't think just cuz you read a book
once that's it you have 10 minutes in
each book right four books each month uh
down here I put academics that's just my
classes I'm taking this semester I'm
taking five classes this semester so I
just keep that you know keep that in
mind and then under each class I put the
most important Todo list for that day so
for Spanish if I had to do chapter 12
[ __ ] homework if that's the most
important one for the day I write it
down under here for
business whatever is the most important
for the day you know like I work based
on priorities right don't try to do it
all at once priorities
and then on the left side I have my uh
it's actually the the fun part a box for
documentary leader of the day nation of
the day keyword of the day Battle of the
day campaign map right and people
thinking like what the [ __ ] is this
right it's simple this is this is based
on my my preferences like I I try to
watch the documentary every day on the
person uh anything just a documentary a
day on YouTube a leader a day I study a
leader every day you know some
every successful man in history I try to
you know study from Napoleon to freaking
Julius Caesar Han I mean you name him
right one a day I just watch videos on
the [ __ ] so I read books on
them so today I mean that day was bismar
right out of un bismar shout out to
Germany uh so I was going to watch the
documentary on bismar uh the nation
Germany you know why not I try to study
a nation every day I still do that guys
you know Wikipedia keeps getting updated
people say well you know there's less
than 365 Nations so you're going to run
out of it I go back full Circle you know
you can never know too much uh keyword
course like if I'm studying a person
most of the time I look up their their
qu right what are they known for what
are their most important saying what did
they believe in what was the
philosophies right uh Battle of the day
I usually study a famous battle decisive
battle in history I'm a military history
nerd so I studied you know strategic
battles try to learn a few things that
could apply to to you know today's life
you know things like that uh campaign
map I put campaign map but it's really
map right I study Maps I pick a map and
I study HD in this case I was starting a
campaign map probably like you know um
Bas marks on battles whatever based on
the leader usually um the boxes are easy
to F but it doesn't have to be based on
the leader it's just you know I just
plug in whatever I can and by the end of
the day look how productive my day was
just look at this right I did all this
in one day and I'm going to do the same
thing the next day and the day after so
this is how you make the most out of
your time over here I have my to-do list
I'll plug in um you know Tod do and then
type you know up to 10 things it doesn't
matter right any random thing shopping
make a video blah blah blah and over
here's report so I just put like the
major things that happen on that day
it's kind of like a journal this where I
could look back in time and say oh what
happened on February blank you know blah
blah blah and have the report down here
and that's it in the back you can just
use it for scrap paper do whatever you
want to do visualize draw your future
whatever it is but um you only need one
of these a day guys to make you know to
have a very productive day just one of
these so try it out you know it's uh
Team 3D Alpha type of [ __ ] nothing
changed Steven seven days to live right
dream B guys make it happen I'm out of
here oh guys I also forgot the most
important thing about having this thing
right ha is the deadline the deadline
the deadline the deadline like I always
say a goal without a deadline is just
wishful thinking I learned that from
mistake and from experience guys when
you set those goals those nice little
golden calls that represent an hour of
your day or whatever you want to make
sure you see here you want to put the
deadlines you want to make sure you give
yourself either a time frame to Once to
complete it or a time of the day by when
this task must be done so so when I'm
done filling in the boxes next to each
box I put a deadline I either put how
long it's going to take me to do it like
10 minutes 10 minutes whatever or I put
a deadline like my first me has to be
done by 9:00 second me has to be done by
noon you know like you put a deadline at
the end of every single box otherwise
you just be like oh I'll do it later
I'll do it later I'll do it later next
you know it's night and you got to go to
bed so trust me that's going to happen
you got to have deadline that's probably
the most important thing on making this
thing come to life otherwise just a
piece of paper all right put a deadline
5:00 p.m. 6:00 p.m. 7:00 p.m. based on
your day right obviously you want to
know you also want to have a schedule
that shows you uh um you know what you
have in planned for the week or the day
or blah blah blah and I I show you I
I'll show you guys down a different
video it's uh this thing that I pred out
Sunday through uh Monday that shows me
every day every hour so I know hey I
have class at this time I have this at
this time so I'm able to situate my
to-do list around my busy um schedule
all right time to displ Direction um oh
I got a I got to shove this down no now
I could just eat like crazy and this is
what I found works best number one and
this is not nothing new sometimes you
don't got to reinvent the well just put
rims on there right eat frequently that
was one of the I ranked that as number
one because it's the one that gave me
the biggest
