hey guys going on Megan here body fat
can destroy your testosterone levels and
lower them up to 50 sometimes even more
and what makes this extremely scary is
the fact that the world as a whole is
getting fatter and fatter every
generation every decade every year as
you can see here
especially in developed Nations so not
only fat crushes testosterone levels but
people are getting fat over time which
further adds to the generational
declining testosterone levels it's one
of the primary reasons there are several
of them all but it's one of the primary
reasons what testosterone levels have
been dropping like flies and as you can
see here testosterone levels are
plummeting with each passing generation
which actually makes you wonder what
testosterone levels are going to be like
10 20 years from now if we don't stop
this horrific Trend and we know that
body fat on the BCD play a huge role in
that because if you remember my previous
video on the biggest factors that
increase testosterone levels with
competition obviously being number one
and towering above everything else but
anyway we also know that fat loss which
is over here can increase testosterone
levels up to 200 percent based on the
literature I'm gonna make a separate
video about that as well if you want but
yes being fat gaining excess body fat
crosses your testosterone levels and the
reverse is also true losing fat and
eating a healthy diet obviously in the
process can lead to up to a 200 increase
in testosterone levels so coming up I'm
going to show you guys the study what
the researchers were trying to find the
scary findings I'm going to show you
guys the reason why body fat destroys
testosterone so much and I'm also going
to show you guys how you could take
advantage of this knowledge right it's
not as simple as lose weight lose body
fat right you got to do it carefully
because if you do it wrong you can also
destroy your testosterone levels even
further but that's coming up later in
the video alright so back to the
studying question that wanted to look at
the effects of body fat excess body fat
obesity on the testosterone levels of
young males keep in mind these are young
males teenagers who are supposed to have
the highest testosterone levels that
they'll ever have in a lifetime right so
this is insane it's not like they're
doing a study on a group of old people
or whatever these are young men who are
supposed to be in the prime of their
life so the research is separate them
into two groups you have the first group
which the lean teenagers that had held
the amounts of body fat and then
obviously you had the obese group that
was the obese teenagers that had excess
amounts of body fat and the researchers
looked at several markers which if you
want to cover in more videos this was a
very very well done study they didn't
just look at this last one they looked
at many many other hormones but for the
sake of this video I'm only going to
focus on testosterone and as you can
imagine the results were drastic the
difference in testosterone levels
between the lean group and the fat group
as you can see the fat group even though
they were teenagers were pretty much
hypogonadal right they had testosterone
levels around 300 nanogram per deciliter
which is insanely low especially for
teenagers right most healthy 80 year old
males have about 300 to 400 testosterone
levels I wouldn't really call them
healthy old males but that's the topic
for a different video but on average
most men around 80 90 years old are
around 300 to 400 nanograms per
deciliter meanwhile these teenagers just
from being overweight and obese had the
same testosterone levels as 80 to 90
year old males right and in fact healthy
80 to 90 year old males can have around
500 600 in some cases even 700 now
looking up a desolated testosterone
levels I'm going to make a video about
that as well right that is insane guys
meanwhile the lean group had double the
amount of testosterone levels right
around 690 gram per deciliter that is a
massive difference guys and the reason
why body fat destroys testosterone
levels excess body fat by the way is
simple there's mini mechanisms number
one it creates a ton a ton of oxidative
stress on your latex cells which
obviously the cells in your testicles
that produce testosterone and remember
guys oxidative stress is one of the
leading causes of low testosterone in
fact it's one of the top reasons what
testosterone levels drop so fast not
only with age but over time we are
getting bombarded by accident of stress
which leads to number two having too
much body fat leads to excess
inflammation right body fat releases a
ton of inflammatory kinds which destroy
your lady cells even more your precious
testicles right and it's a crazy
feedback loop right excess inflammation
leads to excess oxidative stress access
oxidative stress leads to a ton of
inflammation which goes back and also
increases the amount of oxidative stress
so it's a vicious cycle the third thing
that X body fat does is it lowers blood
flow to your testes so even if your body
wanted to repair your testicles and send
nutrients and vitamins and minerals down
there blood flow is impaired so that's
the third reason how obesity and body
fat drastically lowest testosterone
levels you also have the fact that it
increases insulin resistance right being
fat and obese leads to insulin
resistance so your body has a hard time
absorbing glucose absorbing amino acids
and that also leads to a host of other
issues down the line impaired muscle
growth lower muscle protein synthesis as
a result of training I mean insulin
resistance is the beginning of hell for
anything related to Mental Health Texas
body fat also lowers luteinizing hormone
and GnRH canalotropin releasing hormone
which further reduces testosterone since
obviously testosterone production starts
at the brain your brain has to send a
signal to your balls to produce
testosterone and as you should know by
now access body fat contains the
aromatase enzyme which is notorious for
destroying your testosterone levels even
further why because of rheumatoids
Converses testosterone to Estrada which
is the most powerful estrogen and
Astronaut goes up to your brain and
tells your brain to stop making
luthinizing hormones so again it's a
vicious cycle so look at all the
different ways and there's more I can
make this video 30 minutes long and show
you all the other ways that excess body
fat destroys testosterone levels but
those are the key Pathways now what can
you do to prevent this 500 that's the
magic number aim for 500 kilovic deficit
every day if you're above 20 body fat or
again depending on where you store body
right or again depending on where you
store your excess body fat but try not
to be more than 20 body fat The Sweet
Spot for men is between 10 to 20 body
fat again it that depends on where you
store your body fat 15 is right there in
the middle ground right number one
either ton of protein right try to aim
for about one gram per pound of lean
body weight make sure you're getting
enough protein because that's going to
help with Hunger that's going to reduce
hunger that's going to help with muscle
protein synthesis that's going to help
you burn more calories because obviously
protein has a higher thermic effect of
food it's going to keep your food longer
and if you focus on nutrient dense
protein sources such as red meat eggs
salmon oysters you're also going to
provide substrates to further increase
your testosterone levels and you're also
going to provide some antioxidants right
because again your body needs amino
acids to make glutathione and that's
going to help reduce the oxidative
stress also do some cardio and I'm not
talking about jogging anything excess
just walk guys go for a walk you'll be
surprised at how many calories you burn
if you just walk for 20 minutes to an
hour a day right obviously the more you
walk the more calories you're going to
burn but get into the habit of going for
a walk right I don't I don't even like
to call it cardio because it's something
that every male should do for health
also obviously lift weights right if you
try to go into color definitely say
without losing weight you're going to
lose a lot more muscle than fat
meanwhile if you're going to caloric
deficit again try to keep it at no more
than 500 per day by lifting weights not
only are you going to preserve muscle
mass but depending on how good your
training program is you might even
increase muscle mass right again
depending on how be sure how untrained
you are if your beginner events blah
blah blah right but that's what you
should aim for if you're overweight
again aim for a 500 caloric deficit a
day on average eat nutrient-dense
protein sources not chicken breasts the
straps I have a feeder coming up on that
but red meat salmon eggs lift weights
right follow a high frequency training
program ideally full body or upper lower
push pull anything that has you trained
each month so at least at least two to
three times a week and again get into
the habit of walking increasing blood
flow now here are some things that you
should not do right big warning number
one don't try to get too lean because
being too lean also lowers testosterone
production because if you don't have no
body fat your body's not gonna make
enough leptin and if you don't have
enough leptin your body is going to
reduce luteinizing hormone and GnRH
which which is going to lead to lower
testosterone levels so try not to get
too lean a lot of your Fitness
influencers out there who are sub 10
body fat all the time on roids they're
on trt or high dose steroids so don't
try to copy them right try to stay
between 10 and 20 body fat ideally
around 15. number two don't try to go
crazy and say oh my God I gotta lose
this body fat and try to do too much all
at once right don't try to do too much
running too much driving too much cardio
because that's also going to lower your
testosterone levels because that's going
to increase cortisol too much number
three don't try to restrict your
calories too much okay like I said
earlier in the previous slide 500
caloric deficit should be the sweet spot
as you go close to a thousand or more
you're going to lose too much muscle and
it's not worth it because most of your
body fat is burned by your muscle cells
anyway so the more muscle you lose the
harder it's going to be for you to keep
cutting and number four that's one of
the biggest mistakes people make when
they try to cut is that lower the fat
intake do not lower your fat intake you
need your monounsaturated fats you need
your saturated fats your body needs
healthy fats in order to make
testosterone as well as your omega-3 to
you know two low inflammation and things
like that but do not neglect your fats
when you're cutting all right so quick
recap the researchers looked at two
groups of teens lean teens versus fat
teens the lean teens had significantly
more testosterone levels than the
fatines a hundred percent more to be
exact and the reverse is obviously true
the fat teens had half of the
testosterone levels as the lean teens
despite being in the prime of their life
right after puberty when a testosterone
level should be the highest excess body
fat destroys testosterone now if you
enjoyed the video and you want to
support the channel Boosie algorithm
like the video help the video get as
many likes as possible don't forget to
subscribe hit the Bell so you don't miss
out on future videos and join the
Discord and the Reddit we have a great
Community full of advice full of Comedy
it's going to be a nice Brotherhood
helping you guys push through your goals
for the rest of the New Year alright
guys don't forget to like or share the
video video subscribe and hit the bell
and buy my HSB nucleus of a little
training program she ultimate program
for maximum muscle growth it includes
full body workout splits bro splits Push
Pull home workouts you name it also
comes with a complete guide for macros
nutrition fat loss muscle growth
hormones including a meal plan it's
pretty much all my 16 years of
experience condensed into one [ __ ]
book you're also going to get free
copies of any future Edition so visit
team3dalpha.com and you can use the 40
off coupon code nucleus overload or you
could just buy the share full price all
right guys I'm out of here
