okay so that's why my recommended those
for elemental magnesium meaning
magnesium minus the the weight of
whatever the [ __ ] is bound to i'll go
for at least
hey what's going on megan here all right
today's thursday so we're gonna focus on
answering testosterone questions since
it's testosterone thursday all right so
we're on the reddit make sure you guys
read the rules before posting as usual
all right so let's search topics
testosterone and let's pick this
question how much zinc slash magnesium
should you take a week obviously footage
starts from production
um all right so let's see i recently
went on vacation and found that taking
500 milligrams of magnesium a day made
me feel great to start
this strong wasn't lifting i was dealing
with my girlfriend trying back to
america to the passport issues the [ __ ]
uh so my fatigue was minimal and my
stress was higher than normal now that
i'm back in america i'm lifting again
but my testosterone and they seem to
come back down those still hiring before
i left i'm curious if anyone has an idea
what is considered optimal amounts i saw
me again supposed to say 600 plus
milligram was ideal but it's 750 better
and it's their ceiling like i saw online
i also try to get 50 milligrams of zinc
naturally but we'll also take a pill for
where i would follow megan's rule all
right so i already answered this one
right so that's why i decided with video
format um and let me just you know give
a quick recap of my answer right so i
put again optimal magnesium and zinc
dosage because i personally shoot for at
least 600 milligrams of elemental
magnesium keep in mind i say elemental a
lot of people forget that just because
uh a pail says 500 milligrams of
magnesium does not mean you're getting
500 meters of magnesium right you have
to factor in the salt that it's attached
to right you know it could be magnesium
citrate it could be magnesium sulfate or
whatever so you got to factor that in um
and at least 40 to 60 milligrams of
elemental zinc per day and i'm going to
show you guys why the numbers are so
high based on the research and obviously
based on experience notice i keep saying
elemental that's different from what you
see on the package dosage obviously
varies based off your weight diet and
activity level the reason you want to
shoot on the higher end of most vitamins
minerals when you lift is because
and i give the reasons right number one
the more you train sweat and have to
repair your body the higher your needs
for nutrients
right that's the fact
uh the rda for vitamins and minerals all
the air meaning recommended daily
allowance uh it's for the average guy
people forget that right not for the
average gym rat and definitely not
enough for someone doing high weekly
volume or frequent full body training so
guys stop again before i even go into
detail i'm not a doctor i'm not allowed
to make this recommendation this is just
informational and educational right
stick to whatever the [ __ ] your doctor
says uh parentheses you know they're
wrong most of the time but hey [ __ ] it
um so if you training with high
frequency high value right you're
sweating a lot you you you tearing down
your body you have to recover you cannot
use the same
uh
you know numbers or the same dose that
the average joe sitting at the desk all
day right working a sanitary driver is
taking just common [ __ ] sense basic
knowledge of human physiology right you
lose a lot of vitamins and minerals
especially minerals through your urine
through your sweat also if you're
drinking a gallon of water a day which
most people should you're also paying
out a ton of nutrients right so my
recommendation again personally for me
is start off with the rda and slightly
increase the ones that you obviously uh
you know burning through because of your
activity level that's why even if you
look at studies
that show great effects of you know
vitamins minerals supplementation
whatever they're using higher than lda
you know just common sense even if you
look at studies on athletes um anyway
next most minerals have abysmal body
availability right just because you're
eating let's say 100 milligrams of
magnesium doesn't mean your body is
absorbing all of that right everyone
forgets that especially minerals
minerals have
horrible
bioavailability for example we talk
about magnesium here the body
availability of magnesium is 30 to 40
percent right 35 to 45 roughly right
depending on obviously where you're
getting it from so that's crap if you
take 100 milligrams of elemental pure
magnesium that's even after factoring
out the weight of the the salt that it's
attached to you're only absorbing 30 to
40 percent of it right zinc is even
worse you know the body of the radius
zinc is like 20 to 30
right so that's why i like to shoot for
the higher range again not so high that
you create toxicity right right you
always got to keep that in mind always
look at the upper limit um for toxicity
next number three the rda recommended
daily allowance for vitamins and
minerals is set at the amount needed to
avoid deficiencies not at the amount
needed to maximize growth strength and
repair you got to know this guys when i
give you the rda amount when i do the
studies to decide which one to use it's
based on the minimum you need to avoid
deficiencies right it's not based on
what you need to have an optimal body
for performance and hypertrophy and
strength and things like that that's why
they tell people to take 600 to 2000 iu
vitamin d for example because that's all
you need to prevent oh [ __ ] look at the
trap i put crickets um yeah i mean
wickets guys yeah so that's all you need
to prevent wreckage right when your legs
all [ __ ] up and [ __ ] um yeah we all
know that the optimal 25 ocd certain
range that's when you have sound range
of over 40 nanogram per milliliter on my
daily close to 60 can only be reached by
taking eight to ten thousand iu for most
people obviously depending on where you
live how much sunlight you get the color
your skin blah blah all right so they
give you these [ __ ] recommendations
because that's all you need to prevent
you know like
disease and [ __ ] right but they don't
give you the amount that you need to
optimize health to optimize bodily
functions and to optimize you know
obviously performance next a soil is
trash so eating a fruit or veggie or
whatever that's supposed to have let's
say 100 milligrams of magnesium morphine
and not yields substantially less
you also got to factor that in just
because on my fitness style of
kilometers it shows that your [ __ ]
bowl of spinach has 100 milligrams of
magnesium does that mean that it has 100
milligrams of magnesium you got to
factor in the fact that our soil is so
deficient in nutrients right because of
all the aggressive farming practices uh
next in addition to ship bioavailability
most minerals compete for absorption
with all the nutrients required so once
again just because you're taking 100
milligrams of nutrient xyz doesn't mean
you're getting all of that right so you
also got a factor in the fact that your
minerals are competing zinc and copper
calcium magnesium right most minerals a
lot of minerals i should say compete for
absorption right so once again just
because you're taking 100 milligrams of
magnesium doesn't mean you're getting
all of that right see how there's so
many factors of affecting whether you're
actually getting what you're eating
reason number six
again also most minerals are bound to
salt so just because you're taking a
hundred milligrams of zinc sulfate for
instance doesn't mean you're getting 100
milligrams of elemental zinc in fact
that's one of the biggest ones right
most people look on the bottle and i see
oh look 100 milligrams of zinc they
don't look at the fact that it's zinc
citrate or zinc sulfate and then they
take they think oh look i took a hundred
milligrams of zinc i have 100 milligrams
no [ __ ] sometimes you're only
getting like twenty percent of elemental
zinc so in a hundred milligram tablet of
zen sulfate you're only getting about 20
to 22 milligrams of zinc right so you
got to factor that in if you're taking
10 milligrams
right on the pale so anyway uh just
because you're taking 100 milligrams
using sulfate blah blah blah blah
doesn't mean you're getting
what he said there are symptom magnesium
taking a thousand milligrams of
magnesium citrate for example only
yields about 110 milligrams of actual
elemental magnesium and of course i put
you know safety precautions now of
course you don't want to overdose
anything because everything follows on
inverted you curve you know that's true
for anything anything that's good for
you follows anybody you curve where too
low is obviously bad too high is also
bad you want to find that middle ground
that works best for you um by the same
time you don't want to chronically on
the dose either also recovery will
suffer keep in mind guys zinc and
magnesium are crucial for testosterone
levels free testosterone levels
obviously magnesium is an electrolyte so
for hydration uh for your ability to
recover your sleep lowering sex hormone
binding globulin which obviously you
know which obviously brings us back to
free testosterone but you get the point
right zinc and magnesium have too many
important rules in the body um so i
would rather be slightly on the high
side
again not high enough to be toxic but
slightly on the high side then be on the
low side um and unless you're doing
freaking blood tests for vitamins
minerals there's no way to tell if
you're getting enough right since
genetic polymorphisms also come into
play right you also got a factor
genetics so to be safe i personally
start with the rda amount and go high
enough to surpass the rda but low enough
to prevent toxicity
and of course lastly remember i'm not a
doctor blah blah so that's why my
recommended uh
those for elemental magnesium meaning
magnesium
minus the the weight of whatever the
[ __ ] is bound to
i go for at least 600 milligrams because
i know i'm losing some through sweat
urine i know uh i know i'm not absorbing
all of it and again all these other
reasons here right and i try to shoot
high sometimes i go for a thousand
milligrams right but again consult your
doctor find out what's good for you um
something with zinc i go on the high end
if you look at most of the studies that
found great results from zinc
supplementation on athletes and
wrestlers and things like that
they use a high dose you know um so
again do what works for you but just
know that being slightly higher than
average
yet below toxic levels is better than
being beneath those levels anyway i hope
this helps uh if you have more questions
post them on the reddit and i'll take a
look at them and decide whether i should
make a video or not remember read the
[ __ ] rules before posting so many of
you guys just post without reading the
rules i'm gonna stop blocking you
[ __ ] right read the rules
before posting so that we don't have too
much trash on the reddit all right and
also don't address your questions to me
address your questions to the whole
community this way if it's a question
i've answered before other people will
come to the rescue and answer and if i
felt like the video warrants or if i
feel like the question watch the video
then i make a video right but don't ask
me questions on the [ __ ] reddit just
post it to the community i got other
things to do all right guys hope this
helps i'm out of here all right guys
don't forget to like or share the video
subscribe and hit the bell and buy my
hsb nucleus of a little training program
it's the ultimate program for maximum
muscle growth it includes full body
workout splits bro splits push-pull
home workouts you name it also comes
with a complete guide for macros
nutrition fat loss muscle growth
hormones including a meal plan it's
pretty much all my 16 years of
experience
condensed into one [ __ ] book you're
also going to get free copies of any
future edition so visit team3dalpha.com
and you can use the forty percent off
coupon code nucleus overload or you
could just buy this [ __ ] at full price
all right guys i'm outta here
