hey guys going on Megan here I'm gonna
try to keep these back okay I'm trying
to keep these videos short so this is a
study that I absolutely love I've
mentioned in the past videos but I'm
gonna make a decided making video just
for the study along because a lot of
people don't like to talk about this
study because it actually exposes a lot
of the [ __ ] in the fitness industry
the whole three sets of ten [ __ ] you
know low volume crappy programs that
have people pretty much stall after the
first two years the lifting and this
study pretty much illustrates you know
the BS right most people especially you
know if you've been training for a long
time are not doing enough volume I've
been saying this time and time and time
again you know even in looking even in
the nucleus of little videos volume it's
funny because by now everyone knows
volume is the primary driver of
hypertrophy but you still have people
disputing this fact right so let's look
at this study right it was done of
course you guys know I don't draw
conclusions from just one study right
I'm the science and bro science guy I
like combining overwhelming evidence
from both the science realm and the
broad science rhyme so this is not just
the only study on this topic I'm gonna
make multiple videos and if you wish
just like taking this one because it's
it's it's so so crucial so it was done
by obviously right a lady back in 2015
fortieth subjects untrained don't worry
there's another one that was also done
to train people I know what you guys are
thinking or that one train and in fact
it's a reason why I picked the untrained
group because it's even worse when you
train a person and it was a six-month
study right and pretty much the was
doing full body workouts three times a
week right and there was three groups
what group was doing one set per body
part the other group was doing three
sets and other good was doing five sets
right so for triceps it came out to
forty five sets per week let me repeat
that again the foot the the five set
group today at forty Fox's for triceps
right because they obviously did
shoulder press bench press and triceps
extension and if you look at EMG studies
or just in general
the [ __ ] gym does the movements that
activate a lot of the tricep muscle
fibers right so they did 45 sets for the
triceps the three set group did a total
of 27 sets for triceps at the end of the
week and obviously the ones that group
did you know nine sets total
right and sure enough look at the
results guys look at the effect size
right for the tricep group look at that
the good that's it the most volume the
most work my muscles are pretty much is
loves to do work right look at that and
that's the red balls right you can see
from ninth set to the ninth set per week
27 set for week and the 45 set for Eagle
it is out of this world
simply for biceps right look at the
bicep the bison group did about that it
to exercises for biceps so that came out
to about 30 sets I believe you see two
exercises five sets yeah that came out
so about 30 sets per week for biceps
right um if you factor in the bicep
curls and obviously the lat pulldown
which studies have shown over and over
again you know both activate device was
to a great degree look at that right
that nice dose response relationship and
these are untrained guys and you know if
you were trained athlete or if you're
trained you be training for a long time
you need more volume to grow you need
more weight more volume i progressive
overload right so how many times how
many studies have to come out for people
to understand that if you're stalling as
a train lifter right it's not
necessarily because your genetics suck
it's necessarily because your what your
program so because you're not doing
enough volume I look at most people most
of my clients one of the first thing I
ask them before we started show me your
old routine right cuz they're like hey
Megan I was stuck on this way or this
and there I've been put on size in like
a year listener you know my lips are
going up but obviously my size is
extremely slow and then I look at the
programs and ninety-five percent of the
time they're doing [ __ ] value at the
end of the week right total weekly value
and I tell them God you gotta increase
your route I mean try to increase your
frequency because that's the best way to
increase volume right you're not gonna
do forty five sixty one [ __ ] that's
not
you got a twin biceps triceps shoulders
chest back quads hamstrings calves it's
almost impossible to accumulate that
much volume you know in just one day
right which is why I recommend frequency
trading you know you know full body be
trading so much because despite all the
other benefits you get to accumulate
volume spread out throughout the week
okay 45 cents and guys keep in mind
right I'm not saying this is where
everybody obviously some people respond
to lower volume some respond to higher
volumes right but this is a this is 48
subjects you mean to tell me just all of
the guys in the 45 sec group just had
the genetics for high volume hell
[ __ ] though right
everyone responds to different violence
that at one point you have to figure out
which group you in and how are you gonna
figure that out if you constantly doing
3 sets of 10 [ __ ] twice a week on your
you know on your workout routine you
have to push the envelope so that you
can actually see what your limit is I
can't guarantee you most people most
people that are watching this video are
not doing enough volume right increasing
your volume and keep your mind up yep
you know there you go if you guys
watched my last video on stronger than I
bigger it's what all of these guys
despite this group putting on way more
muscle all these guys put on significant
amount of stress significant amount of
shrimp I guess what the group that did
the most volume put on weight way more
muscle which again illustrates the
points guys yes weight is important yes
strength is important yes all the other
variables is important but volume you
cannot sleep on lodging you can get
really [ __ ] strong doing three sets
of five twice a week really [ __ ]
strong but you will not maximize your
hypertrophy this is a fact and it's not
a theory guys you got understanded
volume is key right and I'm actually
curious I want to know what what would
have happen if they actually picked a
group that did slightly more volume cuz
I just want to see what this thing's
piece was obviously you can't do volume
for everybody you're not gonna do [ __ ]
500 sets a week and just expiry you know
to keep [ __ ] rolling
we all know it's an inverted u-shape
right eventually you get to a point
where you're just not making kids
anymore
but guess what it's rather to the
individual and it's also relative to
your ability to recover everyone is
different some people live very
stressful lifestyles some don't some
people have optimal hydration and
nutrition intake right some people don't
right so all these factors obviously
come into place but you will not know
your upper limit if you stuck doing
three sets of ten twice a week for the
rest your [ __ ] life you need to
increase your volume guys you need to
increase your value well what are you
doing it to nucleus overload what are
you doing it to this frequency you know
high frequency training you know maybe
two three times a week I don't care
make sure your total weekly volume is I
never see progress don't just watch the
feeling say oh my god
I'm gonna do 45 sets know obviously
[ __ ] progress right progress see okay
if you were doing let's say five total
sets bump it up to seven eventually go
put up to nine ten twelve bump it up
until you see see you know where you
start to stall and are we surprised by
the study of course not look at athletes
right look at Atlas you know if you
watch the long-ass Nikola solo video and
I was like over you know an hour long
why explain every single example look at
the do you really think athletes
training muscles you know with 3 5 maybe
10 cents a week any I'm not so my
satisfied in a gym and I mean like the
activity for example professional roads
or I professional
I mean ballerinas and a cab you think
ballerina skirt you know have a total
amount of let's say 10 sets you know of
a calf stimulation cat volume per week
[ __ ] no right there on that stuff
constantly
simply with boxers in their shoulders
you think boxes with that big ass
shoulders you think that they that those
jabs and I'm gonna get to like I don't
know like [ __ ] 10 sets in theory per
week you can just stop like all yeah
that's it that's not violent for me [ __ ]
no you got accumulate well hmm same
thing with speed skaters and acquired
cyclists all that stuff via this study
and again it's not the only study I'm
not I don't draw conclusions for just
one study it's just more and more easy
now there was one firm from bright if
you guys want I could make another video
about the one that Brad did in 2019 this
time on train man and they find the
exact same conclusion the group that did
I think was up to something up to 45
cents of volume per week put on way more
mass than a group with the 30 and I
believe now I know 20 or some [ __ ] like
that he figures one I could just make
another video on the brad study but it's
pretty much the exact same conclusion
increase your volume guys look at your
program look at your program right and
and and again make sure you increase
your volume relative to your ability to
recover I can't stress that enough
right cuz if your recoveries trash you
sleep is trash your your nutrition is
trash
your vitamins mineral supplementation
straps don't go out there and try to do
[ __ ] 10 20 30 sets you can you know
you just not gonna make gains right
that's just common [ __ ] sense right
so I don't see you guys my comments are
saying well this is [ __ ] relative
right right away hope this video helps I
promise to keep it short oh look at that
look at that I got my stopwatch just
almost at 10 minutes so I want to go to
five minute goal but you know at least
I'm stopping it before ten minutes hope
this video helps you guys don't forget
to do the basics which is like don't
forget to subscribe comment your
questions below contact information is
in the description the length of the
study will also be in a description as
well as you know the other videos I
mentioned alright guys I'm out of here
hey Mia for coaching peace
