hey subscribe fellas anyway this what a
typical morning for me looks like I get
up at about 6:30 7:30 and I start
cooking all kinds of meals man look at
this that's why my electricity build is
so damn high but anyway um I hate
electrical STS anyway these are the
beans cooking up here I'm going to
divide it into 6 Ms I take a little bit
and I put into oh [ __ ] look at that
steam uh I take a little bit
and and split it up in different place
um no I'm not cutting but right now
trying to eat a lot more vegetables um
so I take a little bit and put into each
plate why I'm going to make a video to
explain you guys we actually need this
kind of stuff even if you bulking you
need the Life Energy that's found in
plants is not find in Meats that's why
most of the meat that we eat that has a
lot of protein like um cows and all that
[ __ ] what do you think those things eat
grass [ __ ] grass it's full of Life
Energy straight from the Sun straight
from the ground and you know we come
from the earth so we actually need those
nutrients but anyway um tuna mixed with
broccoli carrots all that stuff lettuce
I put a little bit of wrench in here to
make it taste a little better I got bul
XS coming up that I'm going to throw in
here so I have my tuna for protein my ex
of protein I'm going to mash it all up I
got the beans coming up right now I'm
boiling chicken I'm going to make a
little chicken soup with some tomato
paste which is high in sodium which is
bad but um [ __ ] you I'm just playing I
really don't care right now I'm just
cooking I got to be I got to go to class
in the morning then I have to go to my
second class then my third class and I
got to go to the gym in between those
three then I got to go to work to at
9:30 it's going to be a busy day but
yeah I'm still cooking for breakfast I'm
make a protein shake and I have the
bread here I have the rice here like me
and my roommate just you know my
roommate mix the rice and I make
everything else and right now DIC and
onions for the soup so yeah guys and I'm
going to throw in some bananas and [ __ ]
like that um fruits into one of these
bags and I just take it with me for the
day you know that's like right there
that's four meals right there all right
guys this video is too [ __ ] long
subscribe
