go guys there you go guys once you take
out the shelves Tak about like you know
60 seconds Max this is what you get and
these I call them the underdog of the
protein world because they look small as
 right but they're loaded and packed
with protein they're so D like look look
at this looks like what let's say 10 gr
of protein this is 60 60 g of protein
cuz each of these weigh
about 10 gam even though they look so
small they're dense about 10 grams and
at least three of those grams of protein
so that's one 2 three you chill chill 4
5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19
20 20 * 3 g of protein you do the math
so these little right here have
more protein in two chicken breasts and
about 2 and a half pieces of steak beat
that all right guys this is God's gift
to Brook
 all right guys what's up
now I know you I know you're looking
confused kind of like what's the video
All About we're looking like a burnt
version of the H twins right now but
anyway I want to tell you guys I used I
inbox a lot of my subscribers a lot of
you guys have been with me from the
beginning and you guys messag me a lot
and you know we have conversations on
Facebook whatever and sometimes I forget
that um I'm try
