[Music]
all right guys this is part two to the
car backloading video now we going to
the science of I'm not going to go into
too many details because it's going to
take forever but if you haven't watched
part one don't watch this [ __ ] cuz
you're going to ask me you know
questions I already answered and
remember I mentioned how the first half
of the day you know you don't eat carbs
and the second half of the day you
backload on cars you eat shitload of
cars all the way to btown now why is it
working why does it fing work why are we
putting on muscle why is the scale going
up gradually while the body f perent is
going down why very
simple number one Studies have shown you
can look this [ __ ] up on your own that
when you you fall asleep everybody knows
that your growth hormone goes up and it
goes down down down down and when you
wake up people think okay that say
growth hormone is gone right no [ __ ]
that they find out that about 2 hours
after you wake up if you skip breakfast
growth hormone goes back up now a lot of
you guys are saying that's the reason
why intermitted fasting was to work so
so [ __ ] good is because you fasting
for a long period of time your body
releases a lot of growth hormone now
people thinking wow what about cortisol
what about cortisol people forget that
cortisol is not just just to destroy
your muscle people forget that cortisol
also breaks down fast believe it or not
look it up it's in your body for a
reason you know God will not give you a
body with a hormone that's just you know
the [ __ ] devil you know what I'm
saying everybody thinks cortisol is the
[ __ ] devil cortisol actually breaks
down fat if everything is in motion now
do not isolate the principles of this
program individually cuz otherwise it
won't make sense I mean who skips
breakfast you know what I'm saying Who
eats cars at night right if you look at
it individually it doesn't make sense
but if you put it all together that's
how the program works like I mentioned
in the comment the other day if you take
a steering wheel and you put on the
floor it looks [ __ ] stupid it's
useless but you put it where it belongs
in the car boom everything works
perfectly so you got to know how to use
things now when you skip breakfast G
goes back up right after 2 hours you
know it goes back to normal also
throughout the day by not eating carbs
your body is burning fat for energy
believe it or not it's burning fat for
energy plus you went you know you've
been fasting for about 10 hours so just
like a little bit of if in there now
when you go to the gym this is where
everything this where the magic happens
when you go to the gym without eating a
lot of sugars you know doing the by the
way also insulin let me get back to the
gym insulin in the morning is the most
powerful people thinking that insulin
you know your your body's you know re
insulin is the same you know 24 hours a
day no in the morning insulin is a lot
more powerful meaning you know it's good
you know you're going to you know store
glycogen and all that [ __ ] you know the
protein you eat is going to go where it
belongs but also the fats that you eat
are going to go to your fat set and
since insulin is very powerful in the
morning and your body is naturally made
to store fat in the morning you're going
to put on a lot more fat eating cars
during that portion of the day you don't
want to [ __ ] your insulin too much
during the day because it's it's just
too powerful in the morning a lot people
think well it's it antibiotic hormone
yeah just wait we getting to that that's
the reason why people that cut their
calories down even to like a thousand
are still cannot lose disturbing fat in
the body because the moment your blood
you know your insulin spikes your body
stops burning fat that's the [ __ ] fat
if your insulin if your insulin is too
high your body will think okay food is
coming in there's no reason to burn fat
insulin is a fat storing hormone right
your body cannot if insulin is is is
released your body cannot store fat and
break fat down the same time it doesn't
make any [ __ ] sense so skip breakfast
gr for one stage in your body a lot a
lot longer and um IEX expens you are
doing the middle portion of the day you
can recover now a lot of you guys are
thinking well what about my muscles BL
boom this is where the workout comes in
when you work out with no insulin pretty
much not only you stronger believe it or
not you stronger if you the first two
days you're going to feel like [ __ ] but
after a while you become stronger
because you know not only the growth
hormone but the adrenaline there's
different studies explaining how that
works you have a much more efficient
workout because the night before if you
been doing cars backloading the night
before remember you backloaded C you
know on on carbs so those cars are still
in your body so you work out your body
Burns a lot more fat than sugar why
because even if you have glycogen right
your body needs sugar not just for your
muscles also for your brain and
different activities when you don't eat
carbs your body tries to use muscle that
um let me just make up a number let's
say your body needs 50% of carbs for
your brain and the other 50 for your
muscle right by working out in a
depleted State your body cannot take the
portion that it needs for your brain and
use it for your muscles cuz you still
need a certain amount of glycogen for
other functions so your body will burn a
lot more fat than um than carbs but if
you have eight carbs in the morning your
body burn mostly the carbs instead of
the fat that's why you get big but your
fat really doesn't go down so you work
out here you're going to burn a shitload
of fat guys I started seeing results in
like two to 3 days literally it's
ridiculous now the problem is
post-workout now your your muscles are
depleted and also during the second half
of the day growth hormone is getting
ready to come in cuz you you know
getting ready to go to bed look it's
almost like if you work out between 300
to 5: by the time you get home it's like
already 6 so the Sun is going down you
getting ready to go to see your body you
know kind you know kind of like switch
gears okay gr is going to come in soon
so insulin is not as powerful during the
later portion of the day now you
thinking well that's bad because then
you know you know the my muscle cells
are not going to get the you know the
glycogen boom that's where the workout
comes in when you work out uh your
muscle cells are literally everybody
knows that post workout your muscle
cells are begging for sugars so your
body believe it or not even with even
with with with low insulin with with
almost little to no insulin if you eat
sugar post-workout your muscle cells
will still I repeat will still absorb
the sugar how does it work uh in the
book he explains it he explains it and
you could go on Wikipedia and look it up
is this um these um protein things
called glut I believe glut something
that are inside your muscle cells really
insulin is not what brings the sugar to
your to your muscle cell insulin just
triggers let me just draw say this is
your muscle cell right you have those
glut things here right they're the ones
who absolve the sugar when insulin is
released insulin kind of like knocks on
the door of the muscle cell and the glut
comes to the surface and receives the
sugar so the go comes like around the
outside of you know of the muscle cells
and absorb all the sugar so it's really
not insulin putting the sugar in your
muscle insulin just knocks on the door
and has tells the G glut crap to come
out and receive the sugar a lot of
people didn't know that now say you
don't have no insulin in your blood
right and um you work out the GL
things come all the way up regardless
regardless of insulin they still come to
the surface and are ready to absorb
sugars without much insulin help this is
why this program works so well cuz after
you work out those things come to the
surface and your muscle cells absorb the
sugar and then and because you worked
out your priority your body's priority
is to really replenish your glycogen not
store fat so so all the [ __ ] that you're
eating all the cars you're eating yes
inst still being released a little bit
but all the cars that you're eating
mostly going to your muscles not your
fat St because your body always works on
the principle of priority in the morning
if you eat carbs it's not going most of
it is not going to your muscles it's
going to your fat stores cuz that's the
that's the goal of that person of the
Day post workout it's going to your
muscles if you don't work out then this
[ __ ] won't work and by the way remember
I told you how the GL comes up here and
it's ready to absorb sugar this process
lasts for up to 24 to 36 hours that's
why the next day even if you don't work
out you like oh off day what do I do you
can still backload because the muscle
cells are still begging for sugar
because you deprive them of sugar for
the first half of the day this is why
the to work so well and you keep eating
simple sugar if you eat slow digesting
carbs what's going to happen is by the
time you go to bed you still going to
have insulin releas throughout the night
which is going to [ __ ] up a grow hor
more if you keep eating simple sugars
it's going to go to your muscle cells
really really fast Pi sure it's like a
sponge you put water on it and it soaks
it up that's what weightlifting benefits
this program and if you're not lifting
weights if you're not [ __ ] breaking
down your muscle Fiers don't even think
twice about doing carback loading don't
even waste your time it's not going to
work because you're going to [ __ ]
yourself up by skipping breakfast and
when if you do eat at night you know
your insulin is weak cuz it's the later
portion of the day and you're not going
to benefit from like the you know
getting away by eating the you know the
simple sugar thing so like I said this
is not a 100% there's a lot more detail
that goes into this I try to you know
mention the important aspects but it's a
lot more by the book you breaks it down
if you don't believe it any of the stuff
that he puts in the book you could just
copy and paste that into Google and do
your own research and you'd be surprised
and once again look at the results
results speak for themselves and it's
not a program that's trying to sell you
[ __ ] that's why I love it so much when I
first read it they're not trying to sell
you anything they're just putting facts
showing them
to King me
