hey guys what's going on Megan here back
in business not 100% back cuz school is
still in session but um this is spring
break so I have some days off so I
figured i' make some videos for you guys
like I said those of you guys who follow
me very closely you know my schedule so
just answer you know look in the comment
section there always somebody asking why
I'm at and you guys that are follow me
closely you know what's going on just
reply to that question right long story
short I'm really busy I'm finishing my
uh one of my last degrees so it's taking
a lot out of me plus you know the kid
and everything else uh same [ __ ] you
know same [ __ ] same [ __ ] nothing's
really changing um when the semester is
over I'm going to go back to full-blown
videos as usual all right this video is
on Leon guys Leon Leon Leon um I was
going to make it around December like
right before new year as you know kind
of like a social motivation it's this
new segment I'm doing I'm trying to find
people who have accomplish crazy things
right either change their bodies
dramatically whether going up or going
down losing weight anyway whatever and
I'm trying to just show it to you guys
you know as a source of motivation
because like I always say you cannot
fight Friday's battle using Monday's
motivation a lot of people get started
on on the bodybuilding Journey they get
inspired by something an image a a quote
whatever it is but in they don't keep
track of whatever inspired them right so
after a few weeks a few months they
slowly lose that motivation and they
wonder what's going on what what
happened to my motivation what happened
to my willpower [ __ ] what got
you started in the first place you got
to keep that thing around you 24/7 it's
like pumping gas into a car going for a
long ass trip and then halfway down the
road you know I mean halfway down the
draining you realize your car's not
moving anymore you're like wow why is my
car you know just acting up what's going
on you know you need more fuel same
thing with with your F you cannot get
started on on January with a big goal
and then expect that motivation to stay
forever unless you rep planish it unless
you go back to the picture that that
motivated you the movie that whatever it
is you know always surround yourself
with the thing that got you started in
the first place you know the thing that
excited you and things like that so I
mean if you look at all the great
bodybuilders all the great whatever you
know goal they had you know they always
tell you about a magazine they picked up
or a book they read or whatever it is
and they'll keep posters in their rooms
to stay focused it's very important so I
decided to start doing a segment where I
keep showing you guys transformation
videos you know so you know whether you
you began and you stopped or you Midway
going through your journey and you lose
the motivation it's a way to get you
back on you know back on track um I was
going to do it around December like I
said earlier but I decided I was like n
you know what everybody has New Year
resolutions anyway they don't need
motivation around December it's around
this [ __ ] time that people need
motivation around February and March
right cuz I'm shooting this video around
March and I'm I'm starting to to notice
it at the gym you know it's always
around Mar you start seeing the gym is
finally thinning out all the New Year
resolution [ __ ] are are
quitting so perfect timing for this
video Leon is a Leon Story is very very
very inspiring guys and this is team 3D
Alpha you know we we live with
inspirational motivation right so I
figured this guy is a good candidate for
this video at the end of the video I'm
going to show you guys you know his
contact information if you want to
contact him ask him personal questions
all I'm going to do here is just tell
you guys what he did to get from point A
to point B so anyway let's start with
this picture here look at this this is
Leon's amazing transformation right uh
you see him here at um let me open this
up at 308 pounds right uh lot of lot of
fat as you can tell uh he also had a lot
of health problems he told me he had
like cholesterol problems high blood
pressure problems type two diabetes
everything that's associated with having
this much um body fat on the person
right and um he went down to 245 2 25
188 178 168 naturally all natural guys
so I'm going to tell you guys exactly
what he did uh based on the messages me
and him um have been sharing and
hopefully you know if you're in the
right in the same situation as him you
can use that as motivation or advice to
keep moving forward or if you're trying
to gain weight a lot of the things apply
you know whether you bulking or cutting
all right so
first uh quick facts by Leon Leon is 30
years old I wrote everything down to
make sure I don't forget uh 5' n um uh
he lost 140 pounds in two years as you
guys could tell uh I think he's prepping
for his first show his first national
body show as I'm making his video and
um uh yeah he's also a father and I'm
I'm going to get to that later all right
so what I'm going to try to do for each
of these segments I'm going give you um
five fun facts about the person the
Turning Point what got them you know to
to change the lifestyle around uh the
top five supplements they use and at and
I'm going to tell you guys their advice
and their strategy on you know uh
reaching their goal so number one uh
five fun facts about Leon Leon's
favorite exercise is done but Kickbacks
he you know he loves his triceps he told
me uh his favorite workout son is Rocky
you know that's going to help you relate
to the person right Rocky who doesn't
like Rocky I think it's out the tiger uh
favorite movies is Rocky 3 obviously
favorite hero Superman right you can't
let the kid in you die um and um he's
from day Dayton Ohio right now his
turning point was when he was 308 lbs
right you told me once again he had all
these health problems he had asthma high
blood pressure all that stuff he was
wearing 308 lbs and his daughter was
born and he realized you know what I
want to be around and see my daughter
you know and I know exactly what he
means right cuz when my daughter was
born everything Chang for me everything
I started focusing more on my education
and you know things like that and you
know getting more and more serious but
yeah so that was his Turning Point a
beautiful turning point right your
daughter's born you know you want to be
here for her I tell people if your
motivation is only for you right you're
not going to go far trust me you're not
g to [ __ ] go far but if you tap onto
the Primal uh sources of motivation like
the desire to protect if you're a guy
the desire to protect the desire to
conquer all these things you going to
have motivation to last you for days
right always tap into the Primal sources
of motivation and as a male there's
nothing more powerful than desire to
protect you know this built into our DNA
we are made to be offers we are made to
be protectors and leaders right so if
you find a way to find what Taps into
that potential man you good you clear
for takeoff so his thought it was a
turning point and um he figured all
right you know let's get this uh uh sh
on the road so he started obviously by
the way he started getting into
bodybuilding he told me when he was
younger but he quit because he uh he was
disappointed you know just like all of
us when we started looking at older
bodybuilders we didn't know there W
steroids when we were younger right when
we were like I don't know 12 11 years
old 13 years old whatever we looked up
to them but we didn't know want steroids
we thought that was achievable you know
naturally and then we get older and we
realize oh [ __ ] most of our AOS on the
[ __ ] juice so a lot of people kind of
you know went you know went off track
but like you know what why would I even
keep doing this if I'm never going to
look like that Leon was one of those
people but then he realized that um it
is possible to look good naturally not
you're not going to look like Phil Heath
and [ __ ] but it is possible to change
your physique naturally so combine that
with the turning point in his life he
decided to start you know getting back
into bodybuilding um
so uh the top five supplements that he
used was obviously the basics wheight
protein creatine he multivitamin you got
to get your vitamin guys uh you know I'm
big on vitamins um that's why I say
either either eat Whole Foods or if
you're not eating Whole Foods you know
get vitamin supplements his fishs right
you know you got to get your Omega-3s
and all that good [ __ ] and U he used the
hoodia pure he told me it's called
hoodie pure I'm going to put in the
description on the screen he says it was
to keep his appetite low and he used bed
Allin right that was his Tope five
supplements um now his strategy to lose
all that weight was he told me uh a lot
of diet drinks right and I I strongly
agree with him because when I was doing
the cavman diet years ago it was one of
the best diets I you know I did before I
found out before I discovered car back
loading uh diet drinks and sugar-free
[ __ ] help me out a lot and I knew back
then I was like oh I'm trying to stay
away from processed fols but my [ __ ]
you you're not going to run away from
processed fols right the if you live in
in America North America Europe whatever
chances are almost every [ __ ] thing
you're eating is processed foods unless
you have a [ __ ] Garden in your
background or your room you're going to
be eating PRS eventually so if you're
trying to lose weight start with the
training wheels right you 300 lb he lost
140 lbs right you don't lose that
overnight you want to put on the
training wheels and slowly slowly
progress so that was a very good
strategy by first starting with diet
drinks right so he's still you know
keeping his Cravings in check while at
the same time you know uh making
progress so he told me diet drink saved
his life right um obviously he started
tracking his macros on my fitness SP uh
he he started cutting off uh you know uh
enrich white flour uh breads um H frutos
concert you know all the super mega
process sh so so he didn't completely go
full-blown you know he still you know
try to keep everything in Balance so and
that pretty much helped with you know
with his insulin problem because if you
don't know guys type two diabetes look
it up it's pretty much your your muscle
cells a resistance to are resistant to
insulin so you insulin resistance you
put on fat a lot faster than than your
muscle can absorb uh the glucose so that
helped them take care of his type two
diabetes right and he told me he started
losing weight instantly I told you guys
nutrition is way more important than
than what you do in the gym it's the
most important thing is nutrition in
fact the reason why I struggle so much
in bodybuilding especially now that I'm
so busy it's the nutrition whenever I
made a drastic change in my body it
wasn't mainly training training is
number two it was mainly nutrition right
so you got to get your nutrition on
point even even for me to put on muscle
right the gym is fine everybody loves
the [ __ ] gym I could train for hours
on end right you guys know I I I [ __ ]
o on training right but when I come home
the nutrition is what [ __ ] me in the
ass guys you so so the if you on the
runway to whether to either put on
muscle or lose fat whatever make sure
your nutrition is on point if not you
wasting your time man I'm learning from
experience uh so all right so he uh he
also cut the salt due to the high blood
pressure and things like that and in
fact the amazing thing is he didn't even
do cardio he told me he didn't do cardio
until he hit I really until he hit
aund uh 98 lb so he went from 308 lb to
198 lbs what I cardio just from his diet
right if you don't believe me do your
research nutrition is everything and
after that you know when he got around
198 it was harder for him to lose fat so
he added cardio he told me like 30
minute sessions three four times a week
things like that uh on the stair Master
you know just 30 minutes possession just
to kind of accelerate that fat right but
initially the first hundred and so
pounds he didn't need Cod you at all um
some of the favorite channels that he
watch for motivation was obviously he
said P twin muscle workout the twins you
know who didn't [ __ ] watch the twins
when it started uh he mentioned J
Fitness uh y truly team through the
alpha thank you very much and um uh most
of the channels that we'll look at so
all these things created an atmosphere
for him to reach his goal like I said
you got to have that at atere that
positive support system you know whether
the person is in front of you or on the
[ __ ] screen it doesn't matter you
guys see me when I struggle to eat my
mails I go on YouTube and I start
watching bodybuilders eating as [ __ ]
psycho as it looks you gotta do you know
you gotta do what you got to do to to
meet your goals and eventually he Reach
This shape right here look at this guys
amazing from 308 pounds to like 168 and
he built I think he went back up to 178
something like that to put on my muscle
but anyway I try to keep this video
quick guys uh just take a look at these
pictures as I keep putting them on the
screen huge source of motivation and
look at his lags too don't [ __ ] around
man [ __ ] trains
legs amazing can you imagine back to
this original picture here can you
imagine if he had not made that decision
to change his life around right we don't
know if he' be here right now you know
chances are he you know he probably
would but with all these health problems
who knows so guys just one tiny decision
can change your whole [ __ ] future and
who knows somebody else my [ __ ] watch
this video and be inspired by Leon's
success and make the same decision it's
going to cause a domino effect you know
changing lives Man team 3D Alpha that's
all we about guys inspiring people I
when I saw this I was like I got to
share this with the world right somebody
El might be like ah n you know let me
just why would I just make videos
showing my [ __ ] progress and my
friends progress right might as well
show everybody else that's conquering
their goals dominance discipling
Direction the dominance [ __ ]
went from 308 to 168 that's Al for at
[ __ ] my God two in two years had the
discipline he had his diet on point
right he has Diet on point his training
on point his cardio everything
checklists everywhere right and
obviously the direction he had a goal
that he wanted to achieve and he
achieved it right what's more Alpha than
this right so big shout out to Leon I'm
going to put his information on the
screen and in the description hit him up
ask him questions if I forgot anything
just ask him directly and um uh keep it
up Leon man if you're watching this
video you you're an inspiration just me
but everybody else who's on the on their
fitness journey right I trust me guys
it's hard to lose 20 lbs let alone over
100 so big big props to you and um keep
the transformation coming guys if you
have an amazing transformation you want
to share with the rest of the world send
it to me I'll find some time to edit the
video and uh send it back into the into
the system right hopefully you know
tellou somebody CH somebody's lives all
right guys I'm going to head out to the
gym um comment below if you got any
question questions if you want me to
make a video on your question put video
question uh thanks for watching
subscribe like share all that good [ __ ]
get your T-shirt Su up blah blah blah
and um remember dominance discipline
Direction that's all you need that's all
you need you need to find your area of
dominance right you got to be number one
in everything that you do right even if
you [ __ ] second place and you know
you can't go up to number one but be the
best second place that ever La
[ __ ] number two discipline you
got to be disciplined have a daily
routine right and stick to it be
consistent stay inspired and number
three you got to have Direction guys
Direction you got to know where you're
going you got to have a vision a
goal and that's it I'll be leaving you
and the next video probably come a week
from now I'm
out Y come on anyway so so y let's let's
make a video and show how we came out
with us and we spend like the
last the first one is you have to you
have to
