a lot of you guys have issues with
recovery because every time I look at
your blood work you
have hey guys going omegan here how to
recover faster from workout so that you
can obviously do more weekly volume and
get more gains from the gym especially
if you're natural all right let's get
started we have S tier a tier and B tier
s tier is mandatory right there's no way
you're going to speed up recovery unless
you do the stuff in s tier a tier is
great it's going to give you a great
boost in terms of recovery still
important just not as important as s TI
obviously and and B tier that's pretty
much okay right things that are going to
um help you with recovery but you know
it's not going to make a break it's not
going to make a break your ability to
recover faster from workouts all right
let's get started water that's s tier no
questions asked uh
99.9% of you guys are dehydrated you
think you're drinking enough water when
will you not um trust me I work with
clients you known this for years You' be
surprised at how often people think hey
I'm well hydrated but you know if you're
not fully recover guys every system in
your body slows down right hormonal
systems digestion um even sleep is
affected methylation is affected
everything you could think about right
you got to make sure you fully hydrated
set the foundation of every single uh
biological system if you want more
details watch my video on water next we
have vitamins minerals and antioxidants
again from Whole Foods not supplements
like I say in every video mainly from
Whole Foods that's also year right and
once again well over 90% of people are
deficient in the vitamins minerals right
um it's not even close right the the and
people that work out are actually more
deficient because they're not
replenishing whatever they're losing
from um sweating and uh obviously the
things that your body needs to repair
your immune system and recover from the
99.9999% of lifters piss on it right
they think just popping the multivitamin
is enough to uh you know meet their
needs when it's not it's actually worse
right make sure you're eating a balanced
diet that covers all and if you don't
believe me guys just go to chronometer
and enter your average deal eating and
you see how most of you guys are not
even getting the RDA recommendation
right and the RDA is trash the RDA is
trash it was designed for the average
140 to 150 PB weekl who's not in the gym
Pumping Iron you know at least three
times a week right so if you're not even
getting the LDA which a lot of you guys
are not a lot of you guys are deficient
in potassium magnesium um then you try
to then instead of getting it from Whole
Foods you try to supplement with it
which creates more imbalances because
now you overdosing on the [ __ ] guys
long St short get your vitamins and
minerals from old Foods right vitamin A
all the B vitamins vitamin C vitamin D
vitamin E vitamin K they're all
important don't try to overdose on one
because then that's going to create a
deficiency in some of the other ones
next protein obviously it's also in s
tier right I'm not going to explain why
by now you should know the importance of
amino acids if you have an issue shoes
recovering chances are you're not
getting high quality protein keep in
mind I'm saying high quality protein
right so that does not count um a lot of
the low loc sauces you guys are eating
right you could be eating 200 gram of
protein but if that's not high quality
protein if that's not full of Lucine and
full of other essential amino acids that
doesn't really count right so get a lot
of protein try to get at least 3 to 5 Ms
a day of high quality protein my usual
rule of thumb is one gr per pound of
obviously lean body weight right if you
4 pounds of weight don't eat 400 gam of
protein right obviously use your lean
body weight or use your height in
centimeters right so if you're 170 cm
try to get somewhere around 170 gram of
protein and remember if you're doing
full body workouts that number is even
that number slightly goes higher next in
s tier one of the most underrated things
especially in natural bodybuilding your
healthy fats guys you cannot neglect
your healthy fats that includes
obviously your Omega-3s that includes
your monounsaturated fats and obviously
to some some extent you're saturated fat
right a lot of you guys are getting no
saturated fat but you very very low in
omega-3 fatty acids and in mono
unsaturated fats right so get your fish
get your avocado get your olive oil um
try to avoid obviously bad fats right
avoid trans fats avoid uh you know Omega
sixes avoid seed oils um try to get the
majority of your fast from once again
fatty fish for the Omega-3s um get your
saturated fats from eggs and red meat
and get your monounsaturated fats mainly
from avocado olive oil and things like
that and some healthy nuts next sleep
obviously also in s tier I'm not even
going to spend a lot of time explaining
that watch my video where I go over all
the benefits of sleep not only that's
important for your recovery from the gym
from your hormonal system your dyone
production your insulin sensitivity your
cortisol your cognitive function I mean
the list never ends right again s tier
try to get at least 8 to 10 hours of
sleep 7 hours is not enough guys I know
you think well it's only 1 hour
difference between s and 8 that last
hour is extremely important especially
if you're trying to get uninterrupted
sleep right you got to get into those
last deep REM cycles and keep in mind
seven hours might be fine for the
average Joe uh who just wakes up goes to
work comes home sanitary but if you're
training hard full body workouts high
volume high frequency right natural on
top of that you cannot I mean it's just
common sense you can't sleep 7 hours
just like a seditary person who also
needs 7 hours right try to get 8 to 10 I
know it's hard trust me it's hard to get
sleep you know I've struggled with in s
year for so long but guys you got to
prioritize sleep I have several videos
on how to optimize sleep make sure you
check them out all right we done with s
tier let's move on to a tier getting
enough calories that's one of the
biggest things that slows down your
recovery guys you guys are under eating
once again you're chasing that that
six-pack dream you're under eating and
you wonder and you're wondering why your
recovery sucks ass right you got to eat
enough calories if you're cutting
because you're obese and that's should
be the only reason why you're cutting is
because you're either obese or maybe
because you're around 20% body fat and
you're trying to get to about 15 maybe
14 13% body fat right to optimize
testosterone production and that's the
only reason why you're cutting right
assuming you have enough muscle on you
as well right but even if you're cutting
try not to go into big caloric deficits
right no bigger than 500 right unless
you know exactly what you're doing which
most of you [ __ ] don't right so if
you're cutting once again it should only
be because you're either obese or around
20% body fat and trying to get down to
closer to the 15% wrench try not to go
into B caloric deficits because that's
going to drain and wreck your recovery
right remember your body needs calories
for everything not just for your
hormonal systems but for obviously
mulation your immune system keep in mind
recovery is really your immune system
right it's blood flow immune system
antioxidant systems and your body needs
a lot of calories to keep fueling these
processes so if you're struggling with
recovery check your caloric intake now
that doesn't mean that you should go
crazy and eat 1,000 calories is over
your TDE right your total daily energy
expenditure because then you're just
going to get fat as [ __ ] insulin
resistant you're going to create a bunch
of oxidative stress and you're going to
[ __ ] up you to stop strong so again it's
all about balance right inverter urve
for everything remember that next thing
in a TI walking walking is so underrated
for Recovery guys right I try not to say
cardio because when I say cardio people
think jogging running no just walking
going out for a walk getting some blood
flow into your system that's going to
speed up recovery like crazy right
that's also going to help with sess
remember guys once again recovery is
about optimizing your immune system and
also blood flow you got to shutter those
nutrients to the target cells especially
when your body is trying to increase
muscle protein synthesis while lowering
muscle protein breakdown right so you
got to keep moving one of the worst
things you want to do after a workout is
just be sedentary or just lay in bed
watching TV no move go for a walk the
next day go for a walk again right try
to walk get some sunlight keep the blood
flow going humans have did not evolve to
be sedentary that's why every every
system speeds up when we active and
every system slows down when we
secondary next carbs that's an a here
right that's going to speed up glycogen
replenishment which is going to allow
you to go back in the gym as soon as
possible it's going to keep ctis so low
which is extremely important doing the
recovery face you trying to maximize
your taso and the cortisol ratio right
carbs is going to help with that it's
going to help lower stress the insulin
spike is obviously going to help amino
acids get shuttled into the cells as
well and keep in mind carbs are
extremely important for lowering sex
hormone bi and globulin and increasing
your free testosterone right so again
don't neglect your cars especially in
the post-workout window remember right
the gym you have like a two-hour window
where your body is replenishing glycogen
like crazy after that your body still
replenishing glycogen but at a much
slower rate right so after the gym try
to go ham on your post-workout carbs
next in a tier training more frequently
yes believe it or not and then the
studies have confirmed this over and
over again the more frequently you train
the faster your body recovers people
have it backwards they think oh I'm
going to train on Monday oh look I'm
sore Let Me Wait a [ __ ] week before I
train again no the fast the more often
you train the faster your body adapts
the faster the repeated B effect is
going to kick in and trust me you will
notice it right you want your body to
recover faster train more frequently
obviously keep everything in Balance
right don't try to create a [ __ ] ton of
damage on Monday and try to go back on
Tuesday and go all out right you got to
be very systematic with it right follow
the HP training principes
but long story short the more frequently
you train the faster your central
nervous system the faster your local
systems and the faster even your muscles
themselves um are going to adapt and
recover and become more resilient to
frequency that's why people who train
bro blit are almost always sore and I
think it's a good thing no if you've
been training for a long time you
shouldn't be sore every time you go to
the [ __ ] gym right you either doing
too much in one session or you're not
training frequently enough for your body
to adapt to that all right and I said 10
but I give you guys two bonuses here so
all right next in a tier that's one of
the bonus items I said it was going to
be top 10 but it's actually 12 M to
reset that's in a tier right guys you
can I keep watch my videos I'm s said
right you can't if assuming you're
training hard you can't keep training
week after week after week after week
again assuming you're training hard
right and expect your body not to
eventually break down right give you
follow the four weeks on one week off
approach Maximum 6 weeks on one week off
right give yourself a whole week for
mtor said is going to lead to it's
actually going to lead to faster
recovery faster strength gains when you
come back to training faster moner
growth again I made a ton of videos
about that already and the science
heavily backs it up keep in mind I'm
talking about am reset not [ __ ] Del
loading right during that week just
focus on resting lowering stress working
on your businesses working on school
whatever else you have to do while your
body replenishes it resources right a
whole bunch of epigenetic changes are
going to take place during that week
your Esten receptors are going to
resensitize your MTO your my nuclei you
guys know the whole story all right for
be tier we have one item which is lower
stress lowering stress socializing
having a good time hanging out with your
friends I'm going to put that in B cheer
right it's still good right B cheer is
not bad um it's not Leo but that's very
important for once again lowering stress
lowering cortisol guys you can be
sympathetic nervous system mode all the
time right you got to give time you got
to have periods of time when you switch
when you switch gears where you your
parasympathetic nervous system kick in
or you recover or you you just relax
right that's why if you follow the team
3D Alpha daily routine the fifth portion
the final portion is mood that's when
you relax call your friends call your
family have a good time watch TV be your
meet play video games I don't care what
you do but relax you've earned it youve
trained hard that day you went to school
you made money you manag your businesses
give yourself a cool down period right I
don't care if it's three hours four
hours just make sure it doesn't um [ __ ]
up your sleep right you got to have
balance guys and last but not least
increase your testosterone levels right
that's how we seen s tier right needs no
explanation increase your testosterone
levels a lot of you guys have issues
with recovery because every time I look
at your blood work you have [ __ ]
testosterone levels your total
testosterone is low your free test stop
on as low your ex be through the roof
right mainly because you [ __ ] up your
s TI um to-do list right so bring it so
bring up your testosterone levels
especially your free testosterone levels
and I guarantee you you're going to
notice a mass Improvement in your
recovery right and once again I'm
talking about naturally no trt [ __ ]
right no [ __ ] ass supplements do the
basics that I always preach on this
channel and you'll see your recovery
when you're free testerone is in a high
range so closer to 200 PKR per
milliliter which corresponds to a total
toas on of about you know 700 800 or
more your recovery is going to be night
and day compared to when you have [ __ ]
to St on levels I see all my clients all
the time it never fails anyway guys hope
this video helps
check out the
