hey guys going on Megan here all right
so let's say you want to find out what
each level of testosterone feels like
without I getting a blood test this is
the perfect video for you from someone
who's not only been studying this for
over two decades but from someone who's
been both at the low and the high and or
the testas range multiple times so I'll
be the first to tell you exactly uh how
each uh level each range feels like not
to mention I also have a lot of
experience with my clients both natural
and PDS and people who went back and
forth between Nat natural and enhance
blah blah blah so I have a ton of data
to work with ton of experience as well
as the overwhelming scientific
literature on humans and animals so I'm
going to put all of that together into
this video and explain to you exactly
how each level feels now I'm dumbing
down a lot of things here I'm
oversimplifying things for example I'm
using just St on levels but if you're
familiar with the channel you already
know that the levels don't really mean
nothing uh I'll out of the context of
net Androgen status okay so watch my
videos on that if you want to get caught
up long story short this is assuming
equal net Androgen status which is not
the case for most people right you could
be up here but if your cortisol is too
high then you're not going to have the
effects of that right not to mention the
effects of genetics and personality and
things like that right so I'm dumbing
things down just to get the information
out to as much people as possible all
right so let's say let's start at the
bottom right let's say you're under 50
nanog but that's a leader what does that
feel like now disclaimer I've never been
to my knowledge uh I've never been under
50 the lowest I've been was around 150
which is around here but I'm going to
get to that in a minute and it was
terrible oh my God all right so if
you're on the 50 NR SP that's leader
right so that's castration levels that's
lower than the average woman the average
woman is around 25 30 to 40 depend on
the country it changes and depending on
the female's BMI her body fat it changes
but most women don't go about 50 to 70
so if you're under 50 you have less
testosterone than a woman um now for a
woman is fine obviously uh for a man you
screwed you so how does it feel like
your number one is your sex drive your
sex drive becomes nonexistent and when I
say non-existent I mean somebody can
even show you porn or an attractive
naked woman I call her the bad [ __ ]
test watch my video that I did a few
days ago on the different test you could
do at home to know in that and status
but somebody could show you the most
attractive naked woman and you still
wouldn't get you know underaction no
erection no reaction as well no arousal
you just don't care right you become
very very apathetic to to uh to things
like that that is one of the first
things you're going to notice when you
go into 50 you do not care about sex
because remember guys testosterone is
what it is a sex hormone despite what
everybody tells you the goal of
testosterone is not to build muscle it's
not to lose fat all of those things are
you know things that actually come with
the package the number one goal is
reproduction so the moment T tanks your
sex drive goes to trash so that's one of
the first things you're going to notice
the second thing you're going to notice
and if you want St with my clients well
I can't really go into details because
it's private information but long story
short clients who went under 50 usually
it's because they got off of trt or they
got off of steroids so they were waiting
for their uh hpga system to kick back on
the I mean it they almost wanted to well
I can't say the word I don't want to get
canceled but you know where I'm going
right they almost wanted to do the thing
you know which obviously I don't
recommend uh please get some help if you
struggling with this um so sex drive was
non-existent um and I felt bad for their
wife cuz the wife was you know they told
me their wife was complaining that uh
she wasn't getting any but anyway next
thing you don't notice is your
motivation for status which is really
your aggression when we use the word
aggression guys all aggression is both
in humans and animals is motivation for
status that's all it is right that's the
dumb damn version of it aggression
that's physical and mental aggression um
even positive aggression which is you
know wanting to just conquer things
whatever it's so motivation for status
right you could go down the rabbit hole
on that you could go down to
neuroscientific literature that's all it
is it's your body trying to achieve
status and depending on how you were
raised depend on your environment it
will usually manifest itself through
physical violence or even you know um
assault you know other other matters of
achieving status if you are raised in a
society where you get status from being
rich then your aggression would be
through acquiring as many resources as
possible so anyway so when you're under
50 ADR PES leader your aggression goes
through goes through trash right you
have zero motivation for status you
don't in fact that's one of the reason
why it leads to depression you don't
care about anything you don't care about
your status you don't care about money
you don't care about uh your reputation
you don't care about you don't care
about anything right so that's one of
the first things you're going to notice
next thing you going notice is your
energy levels are going to tank right
it's going to take you forever to get
off the bed in the morning even after
sleeping um you have no energy to get up
no energy to uh be believe it or not
again this is a little TMI but some some
people actually don't want to take
showers you know they just don't care
you know they're extremely tired um your
red blood sub production is going to go
down your V2 Max is going to go down
your resting heart rate is going to go
up very very low energy levels uh mainly
because of Test's effect on fatigue and
EPO and things like that next thing
you're going to notice is your anxiety
and fear now that one is 50/50 you know
depend on your personal tra but usually
if you're prone to anxiety your anxiety
will go through the roof so you're going
to be scared of things that you're
normally not afraid of your anxiety is
going to go through the roof uh you're
going to feel depressed your mood is
going to tank you know um and that's
tied to the you know drop in dopamine
signaling and another thing that's going
to happen is your pain tolerance you
know is actually going to suffer right
you're going to become very sensitive to
painful stimulus so under 59 leader most
people are so depressed that they
actually want to off themselves uh so
definitely get some help if you're down
here next you have between 50 to 200 now
this is where this is the lowest I got
I'll never forget this it was 147 or 50
I around it to 150 but it's around 147
150 and of course that's when I was
doing everything wrong and that's CH you
guys testosterone does not drop with age
it's the lifestyle that man adopt as the
age that drops testosterone and once
again this is not my opinion the
research is vast on this it's just the
trt industry wants to make money so they
keep telling you guys that oh it's just
a magic number you head and then boom
your tea drops wrong so I was doing
everything wrong everything wrong I was
spending all day indoors I was working
on my that's when I was going balls deep
on stock trading so no
distraction all day on my computer
sitting no sunlight barely eating slept
like 4 hours a day it was terrible you
know you know on top of stress and
disease and you know illnesses and stuff
like that uh so at 150 how do you feel
well once again your sex drive is
garbage uh your aggression is low right
low to mid depending uh on the person
your energy levels are trash you don't
want to do anything and obviously uh you
know the anxiety and fear thing again
that's 50/50 it really depends on uh
your history of anxiety and fear mood
depression garbage and obviously pain
tolerance uh is reduced all right so
that's not a level you want to be
at next you have uh here when you're
around 200 to 400 now
shockingly um the only thing that's
going to drop the most is your sex drive
once again right your Liberto is going
to go down between 200 and 400 but it's
not going to be permanent right you're
going to have these random spikes and
sex drive and then it's going to go down
another thing you're going to notice is
your refractory period is going to be
extremely long so if you do bust a nut
um it's going to take you a long time
you know to get Hony again because the
fact that your tea levels are low that's
going to make it so that your
testosterone or pactin ratio is off uh
so you're going to notice a drop in sex
drive but it's not going to be
completely crushed it's going to be up
down up down your erection quality is
going to suffer uh morning wo is
probably going to be one time every two
weeks if you're
lucky um some people get it more some
less because it depends on nitric oxide
and blood flow a bunch of different
things uh your motiv for status again
it's going to be shaky uh energy level
is going to be low anxiety and fear
again mid-range mood and depression
again up and down when you're between
200 and 400 things are going to be very
volatile right you're going to have
random births of you know energy and
mood but then it's going to go right
back down right because your body cannot
sustain um those heighten
levels um next you have uh so if you're
here again try to get out of that
range who's next here who's next all
right so next you have 400 to 600 right
so if you're around 400 to 600 believe
it or not um again most things are going
to be in the mid-range sex drive can be
okay some people have normal sex drive
in that range motivation for status is
going to be fine energy levels are going
to be fine uh anxiety and fear again it
depends on personality traits but it's
going to be somewhere in the mid-range
um as far as mood and depression same
thing right your mood is going to be you
know somewhere in the mid-range not too
low not too high you know you're just
chilling right um same thing with your
pain tolerance right so most people are
here most people are between 400 and 600
so they get random burst of motivation
of energy then it goes down um at least
you're not going to be like 200 to 400
right so you're still going to be
volatile but not as bad as down here
right so most things for the most part
you should be stable now once you get to
600 to 800 now that's where things get
interesting right so again all I see
assuming normal estral you know the main
estrogen normal prolactin normal
cortisol normal CRP inflammation blah
blah blah sex driver is going to be high
right Sex Drive is going to be high
motivation for status is going to be
high energy levels are going to be great
anxiety and fear is going to be almost
non-existent again assuming that your
SBG is fine your free testosterone is
high assuming your DHD dihydro
testosterone is High um as well as as
matter
belits uh mood is going to be great
right you're going to feel like you're
going to wake up every day ready to
tackle the day energy levels going to be
fine pain tolerance good you're going to
be able to push through pain um Andrew
Andrew huberman when um he popularized
the phrase saying just St makes effort
feel good that's kind of true right the
the true version of that statement is it
makes status boosting effort feel good
it doesn't make all effort feel good
that's completely wrong right if if you
tell somebody with high te to go around
a marathon he's going to say [ __ ] you
right he's going to have zero desire to
put effort into that now if you tell him
go run a marathon and your status is
going to go up or you're going to be
called the top dog or whatever then out
of nowhere he's going to have the
motivation to do it so the stat doesn't
make effort feel good it makes status
boosting effort feel good it's a big
difference um and I could show you the
signs on this but I'm pretty sure he
probably dumbed it down you know to get
it out to as many people as possible so
your motivation for status is definitely
going to be high here right now this is
where things get crazy all right so
let's look at
800 to a th000 once you get in the 800
to 1,000 range oh my goodness sex drive
high aggression levels high again
motivation for status high energy levels
high anxiety and fear what's that uh
mood great uh pain tolerance great I
mean that's where most people are in the
pre of their life at their Peak when
they want to just conquer everything um
and pretty much [ __ ] everything that
moves right so 800 to a th000 you're
going to feel pretty [ __ ]
good next we have uh 1,000 to
1200 all right I'm going to put this in
this range my fact I'm going to put I'm
going to speed this video up so 1,600
I'm going to put it all here so
boom
boom and
then boom right so anyway from 1,000 to
1600 right so first let me do 1,000 to
like 12200 right which is my man GSP the
goat so everything is enhanced
everything is in hands right your sex
drive is so high that you literally want
to [ __ ] everything that moves right
obviously you know no gay [ __ ] right no
ddy but you extremely Hony obviously
your desire for polygamy goes up even
more I made several videos about that
humans are not monogamous with
polygamist and the higher testosterone
is the higher your desire for sexual
variety sorry sexual variety the
downside is you also get desensitized
very fast so you you just want
constantly new cheats right that's why
if you notice men at the top of the
testas range you know are almost always
involved in you know in sex scandals
look at the presidents look at the NBA
players look at the UFC fighters not all
of them but for the most part you know
especially the ones who get caught
obviously they're almost always involved
in sex scandals think about it right
look at the Michael Jordans look at the
Kobe Bryan's rest in peace look at the
Mike Tyson look at Bill Clinton look at
look at Trump you know it's not by
coincidence it's just biology 101
evolutionary psychology the higher your
your net status is um the higher
remember just have some fluctuates right
so don't just pick one snapshot in time
but the higher your net estrogen status
the more you're going to be obsessed
with cheeks not just cheeks but novelty
right so meaning clapping your wife is
not enough so at that level Sex Drive is
high aggression is through the roof
meaning motivation for status energy
levels are Sky High your V2 Max is crazy
high uh you want to just randomly get up
and go for runs um anxiety non-existent
you know again depending on what it is
obviously if you broke you know if you
facing eviction or something you're
going to have some some fears but
overall you Fearless total badass right
as far as mood mood is great and here's
a downside pain tolerance is so high
that you're going to end up injuring
yourself and that's why I was telling
people that there are there are many
downsides of uh High Androgen status the
body does not like constantly High inen
status one of the downsides is you you
feel so little pain that you literally
push through so much pain that you would
injure yourself you would snap your
elbows you snap your knees that's how I
got most of my injuries when I was up
there right never got up here but when I
was in this range I got so many injuries
I didn't care I was Fearless delusional
right so it's not always a good place to
be in and that's why I was saying the
other video right your body's going to
when I said your body's going to look
for ways to bring you back down the body
doesn't know what the [ __ ] is doing it's
just homeostasis right so inverted you
curve to everything being up here comes
with a ton of benefits but holy [ __ ] it
also comes with a ton of downsides uh
another another thing is that's where
most teenagers are when they at the peak
of puberty and the motivation for status
is so high that they end up doing what
committing most of the crimes there the
reason why over 90% of murders are
committed by men who are around you know
teenager to mid 20s right when the T
levels are super high they become
Fearless they become extremely sensitive
to status threats and the whole nine
yards another downside of being that
high in Te is that your immune system is
suppressed that's another downside
testone suppresses uh big chunk of the
immune system um but your body usually
finds ways to bring you back down and
auto regulate uh what's another downside
of being up there I'm trying to see if I
remember correctly uh I already
mentioned you constantly want to clap
cheeks that one is annoying uh oh by the
way your erections almost every day
morning wood almost every day throughout
the day just non-stop
erections uh what else I mentioned pain
tolerance um yeah oh as far as mood yeah
Sky High uh pretty much you feel
Immortal now let's get to the last ones
over
1,600 right and believe it or not yes
that's doable naturally they'll stud
step back this up uh it's just very very
hard and
unsustainable um now when you up here
over,
1600 I think the most I got was over 13
14 I got a double check but I never got
to over 1600 so I'm going based off from
here now moving forward I'm going based
off clients people that went from NY to
Peds and I'm also going of the
scientific literature so up
there first things you will notice is
you become your mood is so high that you
become delusional like literally you
become delusional you you actually think
that you him you think you run the world
you think nothing bad can happen to you
uh again that's assuming High total te
High DHD High free T free DHD blah blah
blah right High super high n status you
feel Immortal to the point where it's
actually a bad thing because you end up
doing stupid
things um your pain tolerance is through
the roof so that's that's where a lot of
people get injured that's where a lot of
people are injured and still go to the
gym and train you know I mean you become
a Fearless badass so the point where
it's actually detrimental uh your
anxiety and fear is so low that you end
up having no respect for authority
that's the downside you end up breaking
the law um you can see you you end up
you end up becoming the perfect Warrior
right you you don't care uh nobody can
[ __ ] with you I mean pretty much you
literally illusional right so it's like
down here but enhance to the max your
energy levels are through the roof you
randomly want to get up and go for runs
for no reason in fact most people up
there end up overtraining right because
they they just constantly want to move
same thing with animals when you inject
animals with super super high doses of
of testosterone you see the same
behaviors they stop being afraid of
predators they clap cheeks next to
Predators um they fight all the time
especially if you look at the study on
Red Deer and chimps and stuff like that
it's hilarious same thing with lions
when the T levels are super high they
become Fearless they attack elephants
they attack rhinos and unfortunately
they don't live long because the tea
levels are so high that remember we have
anxiety for a reason we have fear for a
reason right when you nuke your fear and
you nuk your anxiety because your te is
too high your DHD is too high then you
end up doing dumb things that eventually
get you body uh what's another thing
that being reported sub Mission energy
oh motivation for status is at the
highest in fact those are the guys at
the top of the world who start World
Wars for no [ __ ] reason um these are
the gang leaders the guys at the
top um I mentioned oh and you also
become pretty much Mike valent right you
start to really develop you know uh
signs of the dog Tri it right you become
narcissistic your psychopathy goes up
and you become very mchu valent right
again super high testosterone is not
always a good thing guys uh everyone
thinks that everything is perfect no
there's an inverted ukur to everything
so that's how every just Stone level
feels like I said I've been from here
all the way to here never been above
1600 so above 1600 I have to go based on
studies and experience from clients um
so yeah hope that answers all your
questions don't forget to join the
school community and don't forget to buy
the ebug support the Channel all that
good stuff all right I'm out
