hey guys just a quick video showing you
the meal that I'm eating today um you
can't go any wrong with this this is
just baked chicken
laquers beans you can't go wrong with
beans Best Foods out there to build
muscle by Fall no comparison high in
protein high in fiber slow digesting
carobs you can't low calories you can't
go wrong with beans if you're not eating
beans on a daily basis don't even don't
even think twice about don't even think
building muscle I mean you're going to
build muscle with other foods but it'll
be way slower beans are way more
complete like I said beans alone provide
the only carbs out there really that
have as much proteins as you see in
Meats Plus the carbs that come with it
so it's like a you know Best of Both
Worlds anyway look at up beans lentils
any kinds of beans just make sure you
buy them in a bag don't buy them
processed St in cans buy them in a bag
boil them cook them yourself can't go
wrong with beans
uh
cauliflower tomatoes onions you know
diced up some
broccoli um just for the you know extra
fiber and here's my protein you know the
chicken baked chicken takes about 45
minutes to you know to bake and um this
right there I know you're wondering what
it is it's uh 2 tpoon of peanut butter y
every meal I eat has at least one
teaspoon of peanut butter why for the
not just the protein but the heal
healthy fats you know you don't want to
eat dry if you're trying to build muscle
you got to have some kinds of healthy
fats but anyway beans
chicken
