hey you guys going on vegan hair after
this question is from Rob Morris right
hey vegan just wondering how many sets I
get this question so much how many sets
how many essentially do birthday we're
doing the silver Lord how many reps per
set would like some insight in case I
run into some recovery issues and I'm
not beautiful to move much would be
greatly appreciated
thanks for our free question all right
so I said that several times right again
when I was doing looking so lord I it
wasn't set in stone it was something I
was researching something I'll observe
you guys know I love to invest a lot to
research it right and so something that
I've you know I can i phrase this it's
something i've put together by observing
different people implement it in
different fields so it wasn't it wasn't
bodybuilding much how many videos about
the guys writing that they're the
charcoal [ __ ] in Africa the
guys with the wheelbarrow the the you
know the sprinters the ballerinas the
boxes people that were using a muscle
every single day because their work
demanded that you know and got extreme
hypertrophy on that specific muscle and
when it when some of them actually
started bodybuilding those body parts
grow even faster than the rest of the
body right so that's when I started
picking around and saying hey I got the
bro science you know I got the anecdotal
you know evidence now let me go to the
scientific journals and see if I can
explain this phenomena and this took
years guys until I finally realized oh
[ __ ] it was all about satellite cells
you know when I saw the study about the
rat when it took the rat broke one of
his legs which made the other leg
overcompensate and work a lot harder
every single day
and when they finally killed a rat I
know sucks kill to ride and live inside
it's like I realize what the leg that
had to do extra work every single
they got a lot more satellite cells in
it then you know then anomaly and that's
why that leg grew so fast because they
had to not only do double the work but
every single day was the frequency that
was the key factor and that's what I
wanted to settle I cell research and
boom I made other videos about all the
discoveries comes in hurry and now
everybody's catching up to it but you
guys are too [ __ ] lazy so about that
when I first came over the field be like
oh my god this is [ __ ] and she
brought something up now every [ __ ]
China so myself I said alright alright
[ __ ]
but I am those people to catch it on it
so that matters
so again once you understand the the
goal that you're trying to achieve is
easy to answer question how many reps
having said should I do the rack was not
put on the you know on this on the
protocol you know the the world the
world barrel guys in Africa that were
carrying wood barrels all day and it
made the traps more like crazy didn't
have a set you know set and rep scheme
that they had to follow you know the
ballerina who has an amazing calves
because they're always on the tippy toes
all day they don't say hey today I'm
going to go ahead and do this many sets
and reps you know the old school
mechanics with the [ __ ] thieves or
for arms because they're always
wrenching all day long they don't say
well I'm going to go to work today and
I'm going to you know use the wrench for
this many sets of reps you know the
boxer that has great shoulders because
he's always boxing look front there
right front out you know he's not taking
his time excessive rep so the pump try
to make here is just pick the muscle you
CH on the overload make it do extra work
every single day right at least five
times a week or you want to do seven
sure but it it's all about how much
volume you're putting in a short amount
of time that's necessarily have to be
all day long doesn't if you can you know
by all means but it's all about
stimulating their muscle every day
enough to release mechanical factor
igf-1 to so called the satellite cells
to start to proliferate and
differentiate so anything that would
elicit that growth response is good
enough when I was doing it with my
triceps
I remember after the end of every
workout I decided to do tricep pushdowns
I was just doing it non-stop I wasn't
thinking sex I was thinking reps I was
frustrated we're having puny triceps so
the end of every workout what I was
doing
you know Jack's back full body doesn't I
was doing I just go to trusted pushdowns
and I'll give myself at least five
minutes of non-stop just tricep
pushdowns right and during that period
my almost blew the [ __ ] up right I gotta
start doing it again because my own
strength but um that's working for my
triceps for my chest go back to my 2011
video when I first explained it was
similar I was in 2011 guys for my chest
I did push-ups every single day I woke
up got straight on the floor started
doing push-ups my goal to do a hundred
push-ups every single morning so I
started with just 10 push-ups a day 20
30 40 venting booklets 2 foot - uh under
push-ups and I was doing partial reps
just partial right push-ups
every single day gets when I started
bodybuilding my chest blew up you know
and I was at a puny chest when I tried
it on my legs
same thing only my legs were fast I was
doing leg presses every single day I
will go to the leg press and I was just
doing high reps you know I wasn't kind
of accessible I was just doing enough
until my [ __ ] [ __ ] burn right it
burned it was painful and I say hey I
said I'm go home it wasn't it was never
more than three to five minutes even
though the people that observe they were
doing this [ __ ] all day long the guy in
Thailand but the big tractor was
carrying the buckets for like what I
believe like two hours you know up and
down the field and got great response
with me so you have to put I did it for
five minutes three minutes of non-stop
tension when I did it for the entire day
you know people that did it for you know
some way in between there's no set time
you know maybe one day when science
thinking [ __ ] seriously and selling out
of research I need to find out oh there
goes the optimal time I'll set or rack
whatever but as far as now the most
important thing is frequency
do it every day once a day twice a day
beats up today just do it enough
nice bars I love you know I cut you some
slack here I don't want you to think you
have to do this for eight hours straight
it's [ __ ] ridiculous right
[ __ ] I don't know in my work but who has
time to do that [ __ ] right but one thing
I'll tell you is that the the Meccano
the reason why it works of course
because again
stimulating muscle you overworked at the
most every day you have that release of
IBC igf-1 which leads to mechana growth
factor and muscle being produced right
and that leads to the proliferation of
differential differentiation or
satellite cells right they're all nuclei
[ __ ] the good thing is you don't need a
lot a whole lot of volume in one session
to stimulate their response right so
let's say you want to grow your your
triceps back to the tricep pushdown
example and you just do it for like
three to five minutes straight as long
as you reaching failure you fatiguing
that muscle it burns you got the lactic
acid in there you like oh [ __ ] shiver
I'm pretty sure about three to five
minutes doing it should not stop you're
gonna listen to response right just
facts right you're gonna have some
mechanical factor in there getting some
igf-1 in them so you don't so that she
gives you some hope in terms of hey I
don't I want to make sure I'm doing
enough to elicit a growth response
alright so just do it for three to five
minutes a day
um do it for the whole four weeks take
the time off again to to reset the M
soul and then see why presenter right if
it doesn't work do it again for you know
second time after two after two attempts
of Lucas overload you will see results I
guarantee there's not a single person
that's done it so far
as you see respond you know hasn't seen
results you will see results because
this is not a fad it's not a you know
you know some kind of it is facts and
science right you overworking something
every single day assuming you recovering
right and you're not you know doing
[ __ ] [ __ ] you will grow you know again
assume your recovery you're sleeping is
okay your hydration is good your protein
to caloric intake things like that right
so try to help answer your question next
question guys remember comment section
comments section I'll go to the comment
section and look at the questions and
make videos of them my gosh thanks for
liking the video subscribe if you have
it keep reading
you
