that's gonna make it here all right this
one is on the best
hspeed training exercises focusing only
on the stretching component of HSB
training so I already made a video on
heavy the best exercises for the heavy
component Nana's put some stress right
so again there's gonna be some overlap
in some heavy instruct because some
muscles lie back traps the best heavy
exercise is also the best stretching
exercise right so you get some overlaps
but some some other but you know body
was a completely different all right so
let's start where again right from head
to toe so chest back stretching I
already mentioned that is a heavy
dumbbell flyes right the growth you get
from doing heavy ass I'm so my heavy
right dumbbell flyes and pausing at the
bottom don't you know doing the stretch
position is insane guys again you don't
believe me add it to your routine for
just 4 weeks 4 weeks that is in 2 for 4
weeks after that take the break I was
recommend after every 4 week about a
training and you will see the difference
you know you see the difference in fact
you know you fill the dear friends the
next day you know you you're gonna
maximally include the most of fibers
you're gonna maximally increase the
damage the M so response you know watch
my video on why stretching is a the most
important you know part of any movement
you know when it comes to how purchase
we not strengthened it comes on a
particular strength so anyway so for
chest again have yes dumbbell flyes
right cable you can't really get that
maximum stretch you know so have you
guys done my flower second you know
close second but I'm really cool second
would be again weighted dips but you're
very careful with that because you know
optimum is not always you know active
enough doesn't always mean you know the
the number one exercise it means the one
where you could increase efficiency at
the same time reduce the risk of injury
you know so weighted dips don't problem
with that is a lot of people like the
shoulders up trying to stretch the
bottom of the way to dip so again have
you done my flies I believe is number
one you know for those reasons for
tracks said it a million times
year after year rack pose number one
second will be for
just to maximize stretch number three
for back thickness and so now your
rhomboids you've made traps that would
be a heavy one arm row the reason why I
said one arm is because it allows you to
really get that maximum stretch right if
you have a hammer stroke machine at your
gym nothing beats it because you can
really stretch you know the wrong boys
or the mid traps before you bring it
back right so that would be number one
I'm not gonna put above a roll on that
list for stress simply because you can
again you can't really get that [ __ ]
ridiculous stretch at the bottom that
dead hang all that should lower back as
strong as [ __ ] but most was that back
injury so yes so hammer roll you could
also use a you know a dumbbell row heavy
ass dumbbell row again emphasize the you
know the hang all right so that's for
back thickness
I mean mid tracks on board area for
biceps best stretching exercise for
biceps obviously the incline incline
curl right so again make sure you let
your arm hang you know before you break
it up and at the end you kind of like
just just let it hang let the shame feel
that stretching bicep ii you know black
people are surprised because it's not
really like a you know stretch and
exercise in terms of like ankle anchors
but it works greatly which is the the
preacher curl if she emphasizes slow-
trust me you're gonna get you know
pretty much the same results you know if
not more than the incline curls you know
just make sure you emphasize the
negative for the heavy preacher curl one
arm is better again you could do too
long if you a price for time triceps
I've been repeating this year after year
nothing beats the overhead extension for
the stretch you trying to stretch the
long head of your triceps which is the
bigger you know the the biggest portion
of your tricep overhead extension its
King two-handed you know make sure you
don't fall over toward it happens to me
a lot in fact that was helping me
yesterday again if you go too heavy and
you try to stretch too much
some of those seats at the gym actually
try to you know slip back to be very
careful worst-case scenario just do one
arm at a time again emphasizing a
stretch
next up is uh Oh Scott you could also do
skull Crusher's but again try to incline
the seat a bit you know so you could get
you can maximize instruction to do it
with dumbbells that will actually allow
you to stretch it more than barbells or
you can um you can you can just focus on
overhead extension no keep it simple
alright next is shoulders I get
shoulders a lariat I feel like almost
especially stressful shoulders what I
found back in 2013 was what I called the
cross pools I don't know I don't know a
name for it because I ever seen anyone
do it but you grab the cable crossover
handles and you start opposite so you
start like this right and then you
stretch so again go to the cable
crossover station reach across grab the
handles make sure the weight is heavy
enough so that at the start of the
movement you stretching the hell out of
you real doubts and then you obviously
you know bring it up and that's really
gonna stretch your Rhodos and that's the
only really part of your show that I
recommend to stretch because it's the
safest one to stretch what I'm snapping
your [ __ ] up front doubts you could do
kind of like you know kind of like the
incline bicycle Kirby comment you can
lay on the incline bench and you know
just you know focus on a dead hang with
two dumbbells but again don't worry too
much about that focus on the road does
you know I always say the world that is
really what gives you that way it's a
lot of things decide that it's ready to
rolled out and they're very connected
anyway so if you do a lot of Facebook
you'll notice grow from your side delts
now if you really insist on stretching
inside else you could do it behind the
back cable one on lateral but you know
really heavy weight focus on stretch but
I will put that after face pose in terms
of you know you know the maximum effect
calves again leg press kind of like the
study I told you guys about where they
just restr the guy's calf while for
three weeks you know I got ridiculous
growth so you could do
likewise be very safe don't let that
[ __ ] you know fall back on you you could
also do it with a squat you know the
squat rack could actually do you know I
saw it explained on [ __ ] video but
try to do calf raises but let your cat
stretch at the bottom of the movement
using the you know squat bar what else
what else what else
hamstrings stiff leg dead lifts I
already mentioned that are you negative
you could do hem raises and I think
that's about it right did I forget
something
oh I mentioned neck in previous videos
but for some reason people hate thing in
the next just that next episode is just
back you know Oh quiet
yeah quads same thing [ __ ] squats
amazing ass grass squats you know
pausing at the bottom and you could also
try the Tom plaques you know [ __ ]
squats on a hack squat machine but you
gotta be very careful you know the like
we got knee injuries from doing that
myself included and dessert requires
another one you know at the bottom for
your glutes doing lunges and even doing
the stay played you know deadlifts he's
actually gonna search the glutes and
that's about it guys you know so I hope
that helps you select exercises for the
stretching part of HSV training make
sure you watch the one on the on the
heavy next up I'm gonna make is uh on
the pump the best pump exercises for
each muscle for today alright guys so
best of luck remember to only do not do
more than two for each letter
HSP right no more than two and then just
keep rotating right when you when you
plot so on one go back and use the other
one you know just keep rotating or you
could just do it in blocks where you
only focus on one of those two exercises
for the first four weeks and then the
next four weeks another one and just
keep rotating
again this way recording dear friend you
know muscle fibers and you know you also
stopping your strengthen parts orange
alright hope that helps
she knew subscribe if you have questions
comment below especially for the Q&A
questions help up your fellow team to
the Alpha soldiers in the comment
section and don't forget to like the
video if you fight with Team 3d I'm out
of here
you
