hey guys what's going on Megan here all
right how to stop procrastination I've
suffered with procrastination my entire
freaking life mainly because I have
severe ADHD I mean I'm the post to child
for ADHD and I had ever since I was a
child right and then counselors work
with me when I was younger we they tried
everything right so I'm going to make
this video based on what I found worked
in all of my years of experience
obviously I was able to conquer and
overcome my limitations by accomplishing
so much in my lifetime I was I able to
do it I'm going to show you guys but
anyway enough Ling my on balls time to
get back to this video now let's start
with adero right basic medication adero
ridling whatever so it's easy to
implement it directly increases dopamine
but it is not without side effects and
it is not sustainable you guys know I'm
not a big fan again no medical advice I
can't give medical advice so that's just
my opinion but you guys know I'm not a
big fan of relying on things that are
one not natural and two things that do
not directly address the root cause yes
at roll increases do dine in the brain
but you have to address the root cause
why do you have low damine in the brain
in the first place and also I don't like
solutions that are not sustainable right
if you use adero to treat your ADHD or
to treat your procrastination issues
then you're going to be on it for the
rest of your life pretty much right
that's to me that's not sustainable
because what happens when you're without
ad roll now of course if you live in a
developed country you're always going to
have access to it but again I don't like
relying on man-made stuff as a crutch
for my problems especially when the side
effects are high and if it's not a life
of death scenario if it's a life of
death scenario then screw it right I'm
hopping on everything but other than
that I try to avoid drugs and medication
I don't like relying on big fer for my
masculinity or my productivity right so
I'm going to put that at DT now when my
life have been a lot easier if I got on
medication of course right but then
again you wouldn't be watching this
video I wouldn't be where I'm at today
because almost everything I Learned was
because I had to teach myself how to
overcome my struggles it's easy to pop a
pill and fix everything overnight but
then again you don't learn anything
right so next divide and conquer
breaking up the task into small chunks
right I'm going to put that in s TI
right that's one of the best things you
could do to be procrastination I
remember back when I had to write long
ass papers and obviously you guys know
me I would wait till the last minute and
try to do everything the night before um
because that's pretty much how I used to
manage my ADHD I used to leverage that
pressure that deadline um but one thing
that works is if you take the big
project or the big paper you have to
write or whatever go into the gym
whatever you procrastinating break it
down into tiny freaking chunks it's
going to make it so much easier to get
it done simply because now you're not
thinking oh I have to write freaking a
thousand Pages you thinking I just have
to open my laptop I just have to write
my name and the date at the top right
break down the task into as few steps as
possible and the reason why I'm using
Alexander the gy hair is because you
guys know that's my idol that's one of
the greatest generals who ever lived one
of the greatest tacticians ever if not
the greatest tactician and that was one
of the the big reason for his success he
was obviously every General used divide
and conquer tactics but he was really
really good at leveraging the divide and
conquer tactic both in his campaigns and
also in individual battles all right so
divide and conquer s Tia next make the
task as simple as possible so easy that
even a caveman can do it so that's very
similar to the divide and conquer tactic
so if you have to write a long paper or
you have to go to the gym or you have to
walk your 10,000 steps or whatever it is
that you're procrastinating make the
beginning of that task as easy and
simple as possible again it could be as
simple as instead of going to the gym
just say I just got to put my keys in my
pocket right instead of walking your
10,000 steps just say I got to put my
shoes on right make it as easy as
possible to get started so I'm going to
put that at a tier next the Pomodoro
Technique right very popular technique
in productivity circles all it is is you
pretty much give yourself about 20
minutes of uninterrupted work no
distractions nothing and after the 20
minutes you can relax for about 5
minutes and then you repeat the process
right so again it's great for getting
stuff done it's great for getting
started if you procrastinate my only
issue with the pomodora technique is
people procrastinate the pomodora
technique right trust me I was guilty
that many times back in college I would
literally procrastinate using a
procrastination beating tactic all right
so that's why I'm not going to put it
too high I'm going to put it at B here
right it's still good though next
burning the boats again something that I
learned from military history you guys
know I'm obsessed with military history
but burning the B so that means putting
yourself in a situation where you have
no choice but to complete the task right
so what I used to do back in college is
I would literally go to the library with
only a piece of paper and a pen no phone
no laptop nothing to get me distracted I
would go to the library and the only
thing I could do was write right if I
had to write then that's what I would do
if I had to work on my math assignment
and I didn't want to work on my math
assignment then I would take my math
homework nothing else no phone no music
nothing and I would go to the library
away from everybody and then I burn the
boats I have no there's no turning back
at that point right because back then I
was broke as hell so if you go all the
way to the library and then you don't
get stuff done well now you wasted money
you wasted time right so it will force
me to get the job done right and again
it's called burning the boats because
Alexander gy was very very good at using
the strategy to obviously motivate his
men when he brought them over to Asia
Minor he burned the boats so that there
was no going back to Macedon now his
soldiers had to conquer or pretty much
lose and it worked right his man had no
way to go back home so they had to fight
like mad man and you guys know the rest
was hist free so I'm going to put
burning the boats at s tier if you
procrastinating you struggle with
procrastination put yourself in a
situation where you have no choice but
to get the job done if you procrastin
and go into the gym literally just drive
to the gym drive to the gym or have
somebody drop you off at the gym and
tell them they cannot pick you back up
unless you're done working out right put
yourself in situation where you cannot
procrastinate and you cannot fail all
right next eating a huge meal right so
that you get all your nutrients and all
that stuff well here's the problem with
that right yes you're going to get some
protein you're going to get some
thyrosine which is crucial for
synthesizing dopamine you're going to
get your nutrients but you do not want
the meal to be massive because if you're
a procrastinator the last thing you want
to do is Spike your prolactin spike your
serotonin way too much because it's
going to make you lazy it's going to
make you sleepy and it's going to give
you every excuse to not get off your ass
right I get my best work done when I'm
hungry when I'm fasted or when I just
have a cup of coffee and maybe a little
bit of protein right the moment I get a
lot of carbs a lot of fats my brain
starts to slow down that's why I have to
be very careful in the days where I need
to be sharp then unfortunately I have to
sacrifice gains in favor for cognitive
gains right because you can do both
right if you're trying to be a you know
it's one reason why I have to stop
bodybuilding years ago right because if
you want to be a bodybuilder eating is
so important eating every 3 hours
getting your protein in getting your
carbs in to keep those GL iogen STS full
blah blah blah blah blah but when you
have to do cognitive work or if you're
procrastinating you have procrastination
issues the last thing you want to do is
get a huge mail trust me it's going to
make it a lot worse so I'm going to put
it in C here right the only reason why
it's even higher is because at least
you're getting your title scene and all
the nutrients that you need to
synthesize dopamine all right next
rewarding yourself after completing a
task right so an example of that let's
say you're procrastinating to again
write a paper go to the gym whatever it
is that you guys are procrastinating
that that's giving yourself a reward
after completing the task that you're
procrastinating right now a lot of
people overhype this I'm going to put
this in detail it's not as effective
because once again if you giving
yourself that reward there's no pressure
right you could just choose to just get
the reward yourself I see a lot of
people do that they say you know what
I'm going to try to reward myself after
I do this and then I check on the client
later or the person later and they still
haven't done it right because they could
just get the reward themselves right
when you giving yourself a reward it's
so hard to stay motivated because yes
some days you have the discipline to do
it one on some other days you might be
like you know what screw this I'm just
going to do it anyway I'm just going to
reward myself anyway and that's happened
to me all the time I used be like well
I'm going to do this hard task that I'm
procrastinating when I'm done I'm going
to check my phone or I'm going to play
this video game or whatever and then I
will end up just playing the game I will
end up just playing the game anyway
right so it it just doesn't work right
I'm going to put that in detail but
there are some instances where you can
make it work in your favor and I'm going
to bring that up later all right next
increasing blood flow to the brain right
whether that is through exercise or even
cold shower or whatever that is at the
very top I'm not going to move it but
here that's an S right because if you
procrastinating once again it's a dup
amine issue it's almost always a damine
issue right and one of the fastest ways
to synthesize more dup amine in your
brain is to Simply increase the delivery
of nutrients and precursors to the brain
right you want to increase delivery of
oxygen iron B6 tyrosine pheno alanine
blah blah and that's all going to happen
through increased blood flow a lot of
procrastinators especially people that
have ADHD like myself we have very low
brain oxygenation we have low cerebral
brain flow and that's why we come alive
when there's either stress or or when we
exercising when we go on the walk or
whatever why because it's increasing
blood flow to our brains right remember
not everybody's created equal there's
too many genetic differences and
epigenetic differences between people
some people have great cerebral brain
flow no matter what they do and some
don't right and that's one of the
reasons why exercise is so effective at
mitigating ad DD symptoms as well as
procrastination so if you're
procrastinating try to get some blood
flow just get up do some body squats do
some jumping jacks do some pull-ups
push-ups right it doesn't have to be
anything crazy right just enough to get
some blood flow into your brain
obviously you also want to drink you
want to stay hydrated because it's going
to be very hard to have increase blood
flow if you dehydrated and your blood is
too thick um but yeah maximize blood
flow to the brain that's definitely s
tier next picking the right career guys
a lot of times the reason why you
procrastinating right is because
whatever you're doing is boring it's not
fun you hate every bit of it and it's
even harder to stay motivated when you
hate what you're doing right so
obviously picking the right job the
right career even the right goal is
enough to help you manage your
procrastination because again if you
enjoy something nobody has to tell you
to do but think about it why do you guys
love playing video games why is it that
nobody procrastinates playing a video
game because you enjoy it right same
thing with even things that are hard
right a lot of us enjoy doing hard
things because those things are fun
whereas another person is like oh man
like this this this sucks balls right so
making sure that before you even start
your goal or your project make sure that
it's something that you either enjoy or
that's something that's linked to
something else that you enjoy right but
I'm not going to put it high I'm going
to put it in beat here mainly because
you guys already know I say this all the
time as a man sometimes you got to suck
it up and do things that you hate so I'm
not going to rank this higher because
again there going to be a lot of times
where what you have to do is not fun at
all but like I always say as men we just
got to suck it up and do it right so I'm
going to put that in BJ right making
whatever you're doing fun it it's not
always practical right to this day there
are things that I hate to the core but I
still have to do next eating the Frog
right so again this was popularized by
Mark Twain decades ago and it was also
popularized by I forgot his name uh
Brian something the guy who wrote the
book on on it but really Mark twin
originated originated the saying but
pretty much that's eating the frog in
the morning right doing the thing the
most disgusting thing the hardest thing
the thing that you do not want to do
doing it as early as possible getting it
out of the way I'm going to put that in
B tier now why am I putting it in B tier
instead of a tier simple because even
though it works trust me it works a lot
right whenever I hate something I just
do it in the morning I do it as soon as
possible This way everything I have to
do later in the day is just easier and
easier and easier there's nothing worse
than scheduling something that you hate
to do or that you procrastinating on
there's nothing worse than scheduling it
later in the day when you have decision
fatigue and your will power is low
you're just going to procrastinate even
more right so obvious obviously you want
to get it out the way as soon as
possible but the issue with that tactic
is again it is easy to procrastinate
eating the Frog itself you get it see
that's the issue with procrastination
advice people say oh you want to stop
procrastinating do this thing that is
also easy to procrastinate on you know
what I mean like I don't like tactics
that are hard to implement eating the
Frog itself even though it works that by
itself requires you to have willpower to
do it right I've seen time and time
again not just clients but myself
procrastinate on eating the fr even
though that's a procrastination beating
tactic right so that's why I'm not
putting higher whereas the other things
that are up there it's very hard to
procrastinate those things next
scheduling rewards so that's a tactic
that I use where if I know I'm going to
be distracted anyway I know I'm going to
procrastinate because I'm going to be on
my phone scrolling or doing a bunch of
you know brain dead [ __ ] what I do is I
just schedule it right because a lot of
times you can't escape it you can't
escape it if you know you're going to
end up checking your
phone you're going to end up procr
you're going to end up procrastinating
by doing some other [ __ ] then you
might as well scare so I literally go my
Google Calendar and I schedule times
when I get to enjoy myself pause when I
get to check my phone when I get to
respond to messages to my friends blah
blah blah right scheduling distractions
is actually a cheat code cuz now you
don't have to use willpower to say guys
remember the decision fatigue is a thing
that's what the reason why so much of
the advice out there is so bad because
it does not factor in decision fatigue
the more usual will power throughout the
day the harder it is for you to use that
same Willow later in the day you
literally depleting it like a HP bar
right so instead of me saying I'm G to
use Willow to resist this distraction I
just scheduled a [ __ ] I'm like you know
what I'm just going to do this at 1 pm
this is where I don't have to waste
Willow to say oh I'm just going to you
know save your willpower for the things
that matter right because in a 24-hour
period there's a lot of things as a man
that you're going to have to suck it up
and do so save your will power for those
things all right so anyway so I'm going
to put that in DET here next having a
competitor that is one of the biggest
cheat codes in beating procrastination
especially if you're a guy because man
we love to compete we love status so
having a competitor on a task that you
procrastinate is very very powerful at
spiking your dopamine also spiking your
testesterone if whatever that task is is
linked to your status and that's going
to give you it's going to gamify pretty
much right it's going to make the task
more fun and it's going to give you that
you know it's going to stimulate your m
dealer make you get up give you a little
bit of positive stress right helping you
get it done so having a competitor or an
enemy you know even better if it's an
enemy it's great at staying motivated
especially if that task is linked to
your status
now I'm going to put that in B tier the
reason why I'm not going to put it
higher is because one it's not easy to
always get a competitor for everything
you're working on um if it was easy then
this would be an S tier trust me uh and
number two that's also something that
people could procrastinate right you can
literally procrastinate finding a
competitor or whatever next having a
checklist that's extremely important
right especially if you visual right cuz
we get that dopamine boost whenever we
check things off of of a list I don't
know about you guys but for me it works
like works like wonders right I have a
checklist for everything it devid
conquer the project and it makes it as
easy and as low IQ as possible Right
break down the task into many little
steps that are easy to implement and
then have a checklist I cannot stress
this enough this where you can literally
see yourself making progress it almost
pretty much it gamifies hard work right
it gamifies whatever it is that you
procrastinating the only downside is you
can procrastinate creating a checklist
you can procrastinate even following
your checklist right so that's why I'm
not going to put it too high I'm put in
Bach here next planning ahead of time
planning the entire project the entire
thing that you procrastinating on
planning everything from A to Z ahead of
time that is a great tactic because one
of the reason why we procrastinate is
because in I Hadad the project or the
task is too big right you know it's it's
there's too many factors involved we
have to think about how to start where
to start where to do it blah blah blah
so if you have everything already
planned out it makes it a lot easier
that causes less decision fatigue and
all you have to do is get up turn into a
checklist and then just Implement right
so planning your day in advance planning
the task in events if it's a project if
you're a college student you have to do
this long project just plan it out right
almost like before a general goes to war
he has a map where they plan out their
campaigns every battle the logistics
same thing plan everything out just
where you can actually see the entire
project before it's even completed and
then that's also going to make it easier
for you to turn into a checklist and
blah blah blah but again the only issue
with that is you guessed it you can
procr procastinate Planning by itself
right that by itself can be
procrastinated so even though it's a
very effective tactic it is still prone
to procrastination and itself right so
I'm going to put in B here next taking
testosterone taking steroids trt
whatever believe it or not it's greatly
going to increase your dopamine
signaling because testosterone modulates
dopamine action testosterone has a huge
effect on doam transporter so Tason in
fact that's one of the reasons why Tason
makes us enjoy working hard that's the
reason to stff so it makes us go after
our goals it's mainly through its
effects on dopamine right but as you
guys know over here at Team 3D Alpha
that's a cop out right I have zero
respect for men who on steroids for men
who on trt cop out they're frauds I say
it all the time and I don't care you
could be mad at me they're all frauds
right because like I always say your
masculinity should not come from a
bottle we respect men in their society
based on their accomplishments based on
their hard work their work ethic right
their industriousness this is how we
evolved as men and even women to select
man at the top and to assign status and
Glory so the fact that you taking a
compound that makes you work hard that
makes you build muscle in your sleep
that makes you stronger faster that that
it's it's a cheat Cod to me that's like
going to run a marathon with a freaking
booster pack you get no respect if you
take trt toy on steroid it's all the
same thing I know influencers TR to tell
you oh trt is the Sim is being natural
no it's [ __ ] not no it's not I don't
care if your levels are in the natural
range you you're getting it from an
exogenous Source you don't have to
produce it yourself and you are almost
useless without it once you start taking
it I can't even tell if your competence
comes from you or from the drug so again
even though testone works and making you
work harder and blah blah blah to me I'm
putting that at fer simply because I
value honor and competence Above All
Else the moment somebody is on TT on
steroids I lose so much respect for them
unless like I said unless they fall into
the three categories I always talk about
right medical exemption due to accident
or genetic disorder cancer whatever if
they're in a life or death job so
military firefighter police whatever or
three if they Elite top level
professional athletes those are the
three categories where if you on trt or
steroids you get a pass right because
you pretty much don't have a choice but
everybody else clowns frauds can't stand
any of them you wouldn't respect
somebody who rents a Lamborghini you
wouldn't respect somebody who has fake
six-pack abs on you wouldn't respect
somebody who put sth all in his muscles
and has fake muscles so why would I
respect somebody who has fake
masculinity and who built everything
that he has off of a compound which
gives him a ridiculous advantage over
his competition no all right next having
a friend help you out on a project or
whatever it is you procrastinating right
so doing it as a team doing it with your
friends that's very helpful because if
you guys notice the most boring activity
becomes fun when you're doing it with
friends right I mean we evolved as a
social group as social species so we
went hunting together we went fishing
together Gathering Together humans are
social creature so activities are very
fun when you're doing it with people
even going to war if you speak to a lot
of War veterans they will tell you they
were in some of the worst places on
Earth in the worst situations but
because they had a platoon there they
had their friends there it made it a lot
enjoyable a lot of guys were even
laughing if you look at a lot of if you
study World War II A lot of these guys
were laughing while in the trenches
which blows my mind but anyway having a
friend help you on the task is going to
make it easier for you to get it started
it's going to gamify it it's going to
make it more fun again the issue with
that is you're not always going to be
able to have a friend help you out with
everything and sometimes as a man you
just got to suck it up and learn how to
do things yourself right you're going to
have to learn how to go to the gym
yourself learn how to start projects
yourself learn how to start your
business yourself right so even though
it works it helps you be procrastination
I'm going to put that at CT right
because again it's not sustainable it's
not something you can do your whole life
sometimes you're going to have to walk
the path alone as a man next having some
form of punishment having somebody
punish you if you do not do that task so
a tactic that I used a lot what I would
do is I would give a friend or an
acquaintance I would give him money
right I was broke at the time so for me
$20 was a lot so I be like here's 20 or
it could be 50 it could be 100 right
based on again depends on how broke you
are pick an amount that you don't want
to give to somebody go to them and say
hey I'm going to give you this $100 bill
let's pretend it's $100 so I'm going to
give you this bill and if I don't finish
this project by 3 p.m. or by 400 p.m. or
if I don't go to the gym by this time or
if I don't get my 10,000 stabs or
whatever it is that you procrastinating
tell the person that they get to keep
that money if if you do not complete the
task obviously make sure somebody you
could trust don't give it to some
homeless guy is going to run away with
it right but that is a great tactic at
forcing you to get something done
because one it's going to increase
dopamine two it's going to stimulate
your amydala it's going to make you
nervous it's going to release No
adrenaline and adrenaline it's going to
make you get stuff done trust me as long
as you pick an amount you do not want to
lose right so if you're multi
multi-millionaire don't be like Oh I'm
going to give you $1,000 cuz what's
$1,000 right but pick an amount that you
don't want to lose right and give it to
a person also don't pick an amount
that's so big that if you don't get it
back you're going to go broke and get to
get you know you're going to get evicted
or something but pick a reasonable
amount that you don't want to lose give
it to a person that you trust and tell
them they can only give it back to you
if you complete the task trust me as
long as you pick the right amount this
strategy works but it is not sustainable
you're not always going to have somebody
to hold you accountable like I always
say as a man you're going to have to
walk the path alone sometimes so even
though this is such a powerful tactic I
have to put in cair right it is not
sustainable longterm next boosting
dopamine guys all of this comes back
down to dopamine so anything that
increases dopamine significantly that is
not no low 5% boost huge increases in
dopamine that's going to go in s tier
right if you're procrastinating or if
you have severe DHD or if you have the
warrior Gene watch my video on the
warrior Gene if you're not familiar with
it it all comes back down to dopamine
right so anything that increases
dopamine whether sunlight sleep good
diet vitamins and minerals boosting
testosterone getting enough tyrosine in
enough fatty fat enough fish enough
Omega-3s blah blah blah that's going to
go Nast here hands down next now I call
this productive procrastination right
and there many other names for it but
that's what I call it because I used to
use this technique a lot when I was in
college you guys notice how when you
procrastinate or something you end up
doing something else to kind of get your
mind off of it right so you end up
cleaning or you end up washing dishes or
doing a bunch of [ __ ] that you don't
even want to do anyway but somehow it
becomes fun I've leveraged this a lot in
my life to get things done so so what I
would do is I would create a bigger goal
than the one I'm trying to accomplish
and procrastinating that bigger goal
makes me do the very task that I was
trying to procrastinate right so let's
say you have to do let's say you have to
walk 10,000 steps today and you don't
want to do it make it a goal for you to
you know let's say run for 10 miles or 5
miles right or or whatever or let's say
you have to write a paper that you don't
want to write create another goal that
says I don't know uh make a make a
PowerPoint slide or something long story
short just come up with a goal that's
optional but that's also bigger than the
one that you're trying to accomplish and
because you're going to end up
procrastinating that bigger goal that
you just said that might even force you
to get started on the task you
procrastinating I've done this a lot in
fact that's one of the ways that's one
of the main reasons why I had to pursue
so many degrees because I couldn't find
a motivation to complete one when I had
to go for my associate degree I couldn't
find a motivation to get one associate
so I went for two and that wasn't enough
so I went for three having to do three
associate degrees at the same time put
so much pressure on me that eventually I
got the damine I got the stress and I
got it done right because I will really
procrastinate one project by working on
another project and then when it was
time to work on the other you know paper
from this degree then I would
procrastinate it by working on the other
one so I was pretty much stuck in a
situation where even when I'm
procrastinating I'm still productive in
the end right same thing when I had to
go for my bachelor's degrees I had to do
first the goal was to just get one that
wasn't enough so I went for two right
both finance and management having so
many things on my plate made it so that
even when I procrastinated I ended up
having to do something else that was
less intimidating right not to mention
that it gave me a lot of stress and a
lot to do all at once which made it a
challenge and you guys know if you have
ADHD that is one of the number one ways
to combat it is to make the task
challenging make it hard but still
achievable so this I'm going to put in
Bater the reason why it's not higher is
because again you could procrastinate
that as well right you could
procrastinate both the newer bigger
project and the original one so it
depends on the person for me this worked
well though next thinking of the big
picture right linking whatever it is
that you have to do to your ultimate
goal whatever your goal is whether it
should be a champion fighter a
billionaire you know get your degree or
whatever your goal is right try to link
whatever task you're procrastinating to
your end goal cuz once you see the
connection between what you have to do
next and the long-term goal it makes it
easier for your brain to get that
dopamine right CU a lot of the reason
why we procrastinate is because
especially if you're ADHD is because we
lose sight of the bigger picture right
our brain has a very steep future
discounting curve when something when
the reward is too far away we lose
interest right so you got to find a way
to make the reward more immediate or
linking it thinking of the long-term
payoff now I'm going to put that in C
here because even though it's important
right for some people it just doesn't
work if the reward is 10 years away if
your ADHD is severe that's a lot of
times that's not even enough to give you
enough dopamine depending on how steep
your future discount and curve is for me
it's really bad like I need immediate
reward so this doesn't work all the time
for me I could visualize my future all I
want like if the reward is not immediate
if the stress is not immediate I don't
act on it next the law of momentum the
law of inertia making sure that whatever
task that you trying to do is as easy to
start as possible and I put the clip of
pushing a car right it's like pushing a
car very hard at the beginning gets
easier and easier as you start pushing
that is extremely important when you're
procrastinating you want to make that
task so easy to start right I call it
the law zero right never do zero so if
you have to do 10,000 steps just tell
yourself I'm only gonna do five steps
get up and start doing five steps just
five I guarantee you once you get up
you're gonna end up doing more if you
have to go to the gym and do a full body
workout which takes 30 minutes or an
hour just say I'm just going to go to
the gym today and just do 10 minutes and
drive back home today's a lazy day I
don't feel like doing anything just 10
minutes when you get there 90% of the
time you're going to do more than 10
minutes right so the law of momentum the
law of inertia the law zero I have many
names for it but it really helped me
overcome some of my biggest obstacles
right right I'm going to put that in a
TI because it is so easy to start right
just again always think the law of zero
never do zero whatever your task if it's
if it's writing a 300 page book just say
I'm just going to write the first page
or just say I'm just going to write the
title or I'm just going to write the
first sentence or the first word I don't
care what it is never do zero more often
than not you're going to get started
that momentum is going to kick in and
you're going to say you know what let me
just do more the only reason why
standing s is because somehow some of
your rard are going to find a way to
progress this as well right and there
another reason why it's not s here but
I'll talk about that later all right
next is creating outlines and templates
right so whenever you have to do a big
task that you're procrastinating just do
the template right do the outline so
let's say you have to write something
write a paper or do your math homework
whatever just do the outline do
everything around it it's almost like
building a house right they don't just
go and start building the house right
they first put the foundation and the
scaffolding and all this stuff right so
depend on how big the house is of course
but put structure and outlines around
whatever you have to do right so it's
almost like planning it ahead of time
but not really doing it right it's
easier to edit than to write I always
say that it is easier to edit then to
write right so if you have to write a
big paper that you don't want to write
just start writing a bunch of [ __ ]
rough draft just write randomly don't
care about the grammar don't worry about
if it makes sense just keep
brainstorming and then later on when you
have more damine you can go back and
actually add it and add some meat to the
bones right so create the bones first
the skeleton first and add the meat
later that is the great tactic if you're
procrastinating but it does not apply to
everything so I'm going to put that in B
ch right it does not apply to every
situation next boosting testosterone
obviously you guys know that is the
epitome of everything there's a reason
why I don't shut up about testosterone
every problem you have as a man if not
99.99999% of your problems will be fixed
if you maximize testosterone signaling
right n Androgen status so it's not just
the sterone like I always say that's
your Androgen receptor your DHD lowering
your pactin lowering your cortisol
lowering your estrad blah blah blah
right if you maximize your net Androgen
status you will not have to worry about
motivation because you're going to be so
thirsty for Conquest so thirsty for
victory and competition that you you
won't even have time to procrastinate
right that's why we come alive when we
challenge that's why we come alive when
there's a deadline or when there's an
enemy or competitors because it really
fires that part of your brain especially
your migdal it fires it up and makes you
very sensitive to status the higher your
testosterone is the harder it's going to
be for you to procrastinate on things
that have to do with your status right
because you could have high testosterone
and if a task does not affect your
social status immediately you can still
procrastinate right so that's the caveat
so I'm going to put that in s tier
boosting maximizing your testosterone is
the solution to almost everything also
having high testosterone increases your
standards right a lot of you guys are
comfortable procrastinating because
again you you know you low tea you don't
care you like oh if I fail this oh well
my status is not threatened whatever no
boost your tea it's going to make you
jerk when it's too high but they'll was
to leverage that right I mentioned that
before because it's going to make it too
competitive so you really want to find
that balance right the inverted U curve
but anyway last but not least gamifying
your life that is the ultimate cheat C
when you're dealing with procrastination
gimify your life there's a reason why we
don't need procrastination to play video
games because video games are designed
to get us addicted so find the askk that
you're about to do and that you're
procrastinating find a way to gamify it
get rewards make it challenging you
could download the app called habitica I
use that app often but another thing I
do is I create my own gaming systems
right cuz I was a video game addict for
so long that I know how to game5 pretty
much anything right so gamify your life
that's going to really help you dominate
take on any challenging task because now
it's fun now it's like a RPG character
that you have to level up so I'm going
to put that in s tier as well all right
guys hope the video helps like subscribe
buy the ebug buy the t on ebug buy the
HSP training book support the channel
I'm out of here
