so contining the Ser on to stat Ron um
how does thyroid helps speed up uh
testosterone production right very
important so make sure you watch my
video on how thyroid speeds up
metabolism because there's a lot of
overlap and it's going to cover a lot of
the basis so I have to you know make
this video too long all right so quick
primary on thyroid of course uh it's the
main hormone that speeds up your
metabolism again it's released by the
brain every almost every major hormone
starts you from the hypothalamus in the
brain and um it's released as
T4 from your thyroid gland after the
brain you know Tells A P to release
thyroid you know releasing hormone blah
blah blah uh your P releases T4 T4 is
the inactive form of uh the thyroid
hormone it has to be converted into T3
once it's converted into T3 now [ __ ]
gets real and it starts to crank up your
m abolism starts to increase DNA
transcription and things like that and
how does that lie with testosterone well
back to the two tank analogy I'm not
going to repeat my stuff again just
watch the other videos uh quick summary
your body has two tanks two gas tanks
first one is for survival so that's all
the stuff that keeps you alive if you
were in a coma pretty much your BMR and
once that's taken care of that's when
your body begins to focus on the bonus
tank which is all the the actual [ __ ]
testosterone muscle mass you know uh uh
increasing metabolism all the sexy [ __ ]
so so you need to have the first thing
taken care of before that happens and
thyroid your T3 uh you know conversion
only happens when the first thing get
filled because you know Le thing goes to
your brain and tells your body hey we
have enough energy we have enough
calories now you can start buying
luxurious things so you can start
increasing testosterone you can start
increasing metabolism you can start
doing you know increasing muscle mass
you can start increasing protein cesis
you know it's kind of like uh if you
broke you're not gonna take an
engagement that cost too much money and
S your body is not going to try to
increase your testosterone levels which
is you know which cost a lot of energy
which builds a lot of muscle which also
cost a lot of energy you know your guys
not going to invest into all that unless
it has a guarantee that it's enough
money enough energy available so that's
why it is very important to optimize
your T3 um production so that your body
can go ahead and start investing into
testosterone production um lower your
calories to low or lower your carbs to
low and T3 plummets in fact uh uh
reverse T3 is produced which is the
opposite you know Cur goes up and takes
T4 and conver it to reverse T3 instead
of T3 which obviously does a reverse
effect of T3 so um without going into
the you know extra details long story
short your thyroid is needed to speed up
your metabolism and increase the cesis
of uh testosterone and all the other uh
sexy hormones all right so hope this
helps as far as how to increase thyroid
I I think I think I already made a video
yeah I made a video on it about a week
or two weeks ago just increase your
increase your calories increase your
cups you know increase your selenium
increase the vitamins and minerals that
are needed for the conversion process
you know that's like like keep saying
everything boils down to nutrition right
just make sure you your diet is is whole
and complete and you won't have to worry
about low T3 or Worse High reverse T3
levels all right guys so hope yourselves
comment if you have any questions if I
left anything out I'm trying to rush
through those videos and um don't forget
to comment forget to help each other in
in the in comment section and do not
forget to like the video if you [ __ ]
with you 3D all right guys I'm out
