hey guys what's going on me here all
right this was on uh few days ago my
full body workout with Marco figured out
take a few videos to show you um this is
the bench brushing segment like I said
we do the main exercise for each body
part and uh we we're doing in a 5 to
eight rep range this week so we focusing
on using a heavyweight for five to six
sets you know and no more than 5 to
eight reps like I said it's you want to
conserve your energ on full body
workouts cuz if you go all out on the
bench and you max out and you do too
heavy then what happens is you can do
back legs shoulders you know arms traps
stuff like that so you got to pick a
weight I pick 225 that's the weight I
just pick to do my 58 Reps for five sets
um because another thing is you can we
not you're not allowed to decrease the
weight in the routine that we have that
I came my weight we don't decrease the
weight so if you pick a away you got to
stick to it for five sets so I was more
comfortable with with
225 and um
this one I was a little off because I
think I was wrongly positioned on the
bench and this was my fifth
one and I I love this kind of training
we're going to come back to it in two
months right now we go to the 10 to 12
rep RS training for another four weeks
uh but I'm going to miss this heavy
lifting thing the downside is you don't
you don't look as full and as muscular
cuz you don't have you know you don't
get too many pumps but the good thing is
your power increases your strength
increases so um like I said I just
started benching again because you know
I notice brois Smith has a heavy bench
and uh the brothers I forgot their name
fitness challenge me have a great bench
too I you know what it let me start
benching before it's too late uh I had
stopped there because of shoulder
injuries and things like that but I'm
going to start benching again so watch
my strength rocket all right guys thanks
for watching
