trust me you will sleep like a baby
hey what's going on megan here how to
maximize your sleep how to sleep longer
the question came up and i read it two
weeks ago and i'm supposed to make a
video on it but i was backed up but
other stuff so how to increase your
sleep duration to at least eight to ten
hours you guys know i beat a dead horse
about sleep over and over again on this
channel in fact i don't even recommend
you do any of my programs but it's
nucleus of a load of hsp training if you
don't manage sleep well it is the
cornerstone of recovery
so a lot of the questions i get is how
do i sleep longer so that you can have
higher energy levels in the morning and
obviously higher long-term testosterone
levels all right let's get started let's
pick them at random drinking water
before bedtime obviously i'm gonna put
that at bad you don't want to drink too
much water right before you go to bed
try to get as much of your water needs
as early in the day as possible right so
that you don't wake up in the middle of
the night to go pee so drinking water
close to bad time that's a big no-no
next smoking again it's also going to be
a bad guys first of all if you're into
fitness you shouldn't be smoking at all
but avoid smoking it's obviously going
to [ __ ] up with your sleep this is
already well known but once again you
shouldn't smoke period it shouldn't just
be for sleeping but anyway next uh
taking naps throughout the day i'm also
gonna put that at bat right depending on
where you place your naps right naps are
good as long as you take him early in
the day you know around noon afternoon
but as you get close to bedtime avoid
taking naps because it's obviously gonna
interfere with your sleep and also if
you nap trying to nap more than 20 to 30
minutes right over an hour that's kind
of pushing it so napping close to
bedtime is a no coffee i want to put
that at pure garbage guys avoid caffeine
and i'm talking pre-workouts caffeinated
tea coffee itself of course right avoid
taking pre-workouts not six hours before
bed but up to 12 hours before bed right
around 10 or 12 hours before bed you
want to cut out all sorts of caffeine
especially if you have issues sleeping 8
to 10 hours if you sleep just fine and
you know keep doing whatever you're
doing but if you have issues with sleep
you cannot drink coffee 10 or 12 hours
before bed and that includes
pre-workouts and energy drinks right
guys remember caffeine has a half-life
of six hours that means even after six
hours half of it is still in your system
right in another six hours it's another
half so
a lot of you guys who are struggling
with sleep you still have a ton of
caffeine you know in your system as you
approach bedtime right especially for
you guys who work out you know in the
afternoon you know which is coming up
soon you guys are taking 100 or 300
milligrams of caffeine
around 5 to 6 p.m and then you wonder
why you have shitty sleep so avoid
any salsa caffeine
10 or 12 hours prior to bedtime right
try to take your coffee or your caffeine
as early in the morning as possible next
lifting weights close to bedtime i'm
also going to put that at bat right for
two reasons one a lot of you guys use
pre-workout so right that ties back to
this but number two you don't want to
activate your sympathetic nervous system
close to bad time right because
depending on what kind of legs you do
let's say you do heavy deadlifts heavy
squats heavy bench
that [ __ ] is going to jack up your
sympathetic nervous system and trust me
you're still going to be awake when it's
time for bad time depending on how
brutal the lift was right remember to
fall asleep peacefully your body needs
to switch to your parasympathetic
nervous system and it's gonna have a
hard time doing that if you still have a
ton of adrenaline and no adrenaline in
your system because you try to peel in
the [ __ ] squat right you guys what
i'm talking about right when you hit a
nice pr and you squat your deadlift
you grind that last rep out if you do it
actually close to bedtime you're gonna
be awake until like three o'clock in the
morning right because your body is just
revved up in fight-or-flight mode so
avoid training close to bedtime do it as
early in the day as possible now again
you know if you can't then just try to
manage all right next
guys playing video games at night
watching tv at night having the lights
on looking through your phone pure
garbage this [ __ ] is going to keep you
awake guys so cut off all the
electronics any sources of light
obviously especially blue light about
two hours maximum one hour prior to
bedtime if you're going to bed at 10
and you're still watching tv looking
through your smartphone and
playing video games at nine how do you
expect to one fall asleep fast and to
sleep longer right so
cut that out next getting sunlight
during the day [ __ ] amazing guys i
already have a video on vitamin d but
this is independent of vitamin d right
you need sunlight for proper synthesis
this is a serotonin which obviously
serotonin converts to melatonin so the
higher your serotonin levels during the
day the higher the likeliness that
you're going to have enough in your
system to convert to melatonin at night
so it's very important you expose your
eyes
obviously don't [ __ ] look at the sun
right but try to get some afternoon sun
some morning sun right trust me you not
only you're gonna feel great you're
gonna also get the other benefits that
come with sunlight from you know my
vitamin d video but you're gonna have a
great nighttime sleep later in the day
right next sleeping in a cold room
[ __ ] amazing your body needs to be at
a certain temperature for you to fall
asleep right the colder it is obviously
not freezing temperatures right but
being in a nice cold room wrapping
yourself up all snugly in a blanket guys
you're gonna sleep like a [ __ ] baby
right and obviously the more body fat
you have the more muscle you have the
harder you're going to be so you're
going to have to adjust the temperature
based on your lean mass and your body
weight on the sofa but find a
temperature that's cold enough to knife
you the [ __ ] out while you're under the
blanket right obviously not freezing
cold because that's going to have the
opposite effect next eating a large meal
before bed bad right that's well known
you don't want to eat a large meal
before bed you're going to toss and turn
in the middle of the night or if you're
going to have digestion issues because
you're obviously not moving
you're laying horizontally blood flow is
not optimized so that's going to disrupt
your sleep so try avoiding
large meals before bed drinking alcohol
again bad
self-explanatory just gonna [ __ ] up your
melatonin pathway in addition to all the
negative effects of excessive uh alcohol
in your system that's also gonna
interfere with your melatonin production
not to mention that depending on the
amount you drink you're gonna feel like
[ __ ] for the rest of the night sleep
apnea pure garbage guys a lot of people
have sleep apnea and don't even [ __ ]
know it right maybe you guys are single
so you don't have a partner to tell you
or maybe your roommates are knocked the
[ __ ] out all right and can't tell you
that you have sleep apnea so get checked
for sleep apnea speak with your doctor
you'll be surprised how many people have
it and have no idea right waking up
constantly in the middle of night
again without even knowing it because
you're gasping for air of course it's
going to interfere with the duration of
your sleep so make sure you don't have
sleep apnea especially for you fat [ __ ]
out there covering your eyes and your
ears
[ __ ] amazing right
guys it doesn't make sense to go into a
dark cold room if in the morning a bunch
of noise or the sunlight is gonna come
through the window and wake you the [ __ ]
up right so cover your eyes cover your
ears so that you can sleep like a baby
without being disturbed by the garbage
truck in the morning or the sunlight
coming through the room getting a hot
shower [ __ ] amazing taking a hot shot
before bad once again that would not get
the [ __ ] out you guys know cold shower
in the morning hot shower before bed you
cannot beat the combination cold shower
in the morning is gonna wake you the
[ __ ] up watch my videos on coach hours
right it's gonna give you a ton of
energy hot shower right before bed is
gonna do the opposite
nice hot shower and right after that you
go into your nice little cold room put
the blankets on
trust me you will sleep like a baby
clapping cheeks i'm about to nut
category no pun intended guys clapping
tricks before bad you guys know what i'm
talking about you're gonna sleep like
the [ __ ] dalai lama so peacefully
right that spike in [ __ ] then and
then the pulse orgasmic serotonin you
get after clapping trees guys that [ __ ]
will knock you out especially if you're
doing everything else right right all
the other things on this list if you
don't have a girl you don't have a booty
called and be your meat and go to bed
then before i see you no fat
[ __ ] in the comment section
watch my video no fact
there's nothing wrong with being your me
before bad the problem is doing that
[ __ ] during the day but anyway watch my
video i go into that and obviously
melatonin is in i'm about to not
category because it's literally
melatonin it's literally what makes you
fall asleep but this is a last resort
guys i don't recommend you take
melatonin unless you're doing everything
else correctly right remember it's all
about the basics on this channel so make
sure you're doing everything else
correctly and if all else fails then
again after speaking with your doctor
right pop up to 5 maybe 10 milligrams of
melatonin depending on you know how
sensitive you are to it or how big you
or how much you weigh blah blah right so
i have melatonin myself but i only use
it as a last resort right if there's no
other choice because i hate taking
things that my body is supposed to
produce itself but i say guys hope this
video helps
hope that helps you sleep longer
remember sleep is paramount in fact go
in the comment section and let me know
which of these how many of these 15
rules you actually keeping is it 10 out
of 15 7 out of 15 15 out of 15 let me
know all right see you guys in the
comment section and don't forget to join
the reddit alright guys don't forget to
like or share the video subscribe and
hit the bell and buy my hsb nucleus of a
little training program it's the
ultimate program for maximum muscle
growth it includes full body workout
splits bro splits push-pull
home workouts you name it also comes
with a complete guide for macros
nutrition fat loss muscle growth
hormones including a meal plan it's
pretty much all my 16 years of
experience
condensed into one [ __ ] book you're
also going to get free copies of any
future edition so visit team3d alpha.com
and you can use the 40 off coupon code
nucleus overload or you could just buy
this [ __ ] at full price all right guys
i'm out of here
