and as you can see they still had the
same increase in
hey guys going on megan here all right
let's take a look at this interesting
study
comparing the effects of two groups the
first group did four sets of five reps
at a rp of 10 so they pretty much look
at reset to failure
three minute resting between each chest
by the way the second group did four
sets of about 24 reps on average
again rp of 10. don't worry about the
third group i'll mention them later on
they're pretty much insignificant
because the state's so far away from
failure but long story short the
researchers wanted to see which protocol
would result in the highest increase in
myofibular protein genesis long story
short the rate of muscle growth for
actual contractile tissue they obviously
look at sarcoplasmic protein genesis and
a bunch of other stuff but obviously for
the purpose of this video we're going to
focus on my favorite protein genesis
right because that's what we're really
after and if you've been watching my
videos for the last 10 years you should
already have an idea what the outcome
was keep in mind
all guys were trained and also keep in
mind that the study was replicated many
times you guys know i don't just pick
random studies i always pick studies
that were replicated over and over again
um so that we don't have to worry about
design issues and things like that but
as you can imagine
there goes the rate of muscle growth
four hours later and 24 hours later as
you can see here the white bar that's
the group that did four sets of five so
really heavy right ninety percent of
that one red max and as you can see you
know four hours post workout they had
the standard increase in myofibrillar
protein genesis right which is usually a
uh 200 increase this group in the middle
don't worry about it that's the group
that matched the volume
right that match the work of this group
but they did not go to failure right so
they did four sets of like 14 reps on
average which is
literally rpe of zero and as you can see
they barely built their they barely had
any increase in my favorite protein
sentences now let's look at the group
who did four sets
of about 24 reps on average as you can
see even with 30 percent of the one red
max which is very low by the way i don't
recommend training in their rep range
all the time right you know you should
always periodize your training but
anyway as you can see similar increases
in my fibular protein synthesis and like
i said earlier this study has been
replicated so many times you know they
looked at protein sentences all the
studies looked at actual muscle growth
at the end of the a-week
studies and all the findings are the
same it doesn't matter which reference
you use as long as it's close to fairly
and of course as long as you're not
going too light right if you're going
too light like
below 30 percent of your 100 max then
again you might have to use blood flow
restriction so that your fat switch um
and high threshold motor units get
activated but for the most part as long
as you're lifting above 30 percent of
your one way max right so about 30 reps
to failure or less you're gonna build
the same amount of muscle there's a
group who's doing uh five reps to
failure right so significantly less
weight which obviously reduces
um the risk of injury it ensures that
you're gonna get a great pump you're
gonna have good form right and even
though that's obviously gonna increase
uh fatigue more than this group guess
what less injuries and over time you
will adapt to the increase in fatigue
anyway right so this is why i'm i've
always been in love with high reps right
keep in mind i i periodize all my
programs you're gonna be doing high reps
and low reps right and obviously in the
middle right i don't believe in just
sticking to just one style of training
your whole life
right that's why hsp training is heavy
stretch pump right one day you're going
to be doing heavy lifts so that's going
to be this group here right one day
you're going to be doing way to stretch
and another day you're going to be doing
pretty much what this group was doing
right which is higher up training but as
you can see
equal increases in myofibrillar protein
synthesis and once again this is my
favorite protein synthesis not
sarcoplasmic protein synthesis
which is still important but again for
the sake of this video we're focusing on
this and here's an interesting thing
even 24 hours post workout once again if
you guys watch my videos a lot you
already know this right
protein synthesis is right back to
baseline right you notice that there's
no star up here it means it's no longer
statistically
significant right and every study under
the sun comes to the same findings keep
in mind these men were trained and as i
say over and over again if you're a
trained person you've been training for
you know more than a few months or more
than a few years protein sentences goes
back to baseline within a day so get all
this bro split out of my face
you're missing so many windows to
maximize muscle growth if you only train
once or even just twice a week now if
you enjoy it and if you don't mind
building muscle at a slower rate then
that's fine you could do bros place
right i'd rather have you guys in the
gym uh they're not training at all right
that's why in my ebook i have bro splits
i have push pull i have upper low i have
every split you can think about because
at the end of the day the most important
thing is consistency and sticking to
your program right
but for those who want to build muscle
as fast as possible and don't want to
leave any stones on turn now you see
once again why i recommend higher
frequency but anyway here's another
interesting here as you can see 24 hours
post workout the high rep groups still
had an increase in myofibrillar protein
sentences whereas the other groups were
back to baseline now to be fair it could
be due to the fact that they probably
had higher uh muscle damage since
they're probably not accustomed to that
formal training but they also study
showing higher up training showing uh
less muscle damage than
uh lower training so again this is up
for this is up for grabs but long story
short conclusion two groups of people
four sets it was actually three groups
of people once again you know ignore the
the third group because they were just
wasting their time um
four sets of five to failure versus four
sets of about 24 to feather keep in mind
it's 24 on average right so on the first
set it probably did slightly more than
24 reps second set less um the rest is
three minutes between sets which is more
than enough time in case you were
thinking well maybe it's because they
didn't rest enough not arrested enough
uh and as you can see they still had uh
the same increase in my fibular protein
synthesis despite the huge difference in
load right don't be afraid of higher
upsets yes they're gonna burn more yes
they're gonna be a bit more fatiguing
but like i said your body's gonna adapt
to it and also um you're less likely to
get injured on higher upsets anyway so
as long as you periodize your training
you're mixing some heavy sets here and
there and some higher up sets here and
there like on hp training
you'll be fine alright guys hope this
video helped see you on the reddit all
right guys don't forget to like or share
the video subscribe and hit the bell and
buy my hsb nucleus of a little training
program it's the ultimate program for
maximum muscle growth it includes full
body workout splits bro splits push-pull
home workouts you name it also comes
with a complete guide for macros
nutrition fat loss muscle growth
hormones
including a meal plan it's pretty much
all my 16 years of experience
condensed into one book you're
also gonna get free copies of any future
edition so visit team3d alpha.com and
you can use the forty percent off coupon
code nucleus overload or you could just
buy this at full price all right
guys i'm out of here
