don't know Megan here right so answering
questions also by the way I have not
been absent I've been answering
questions back and forth for the last
few weeks mainly in the inbox and also
in the comic section whenever I can but
anyway so I'm gonna try to use this
format for the next few days simply
because as always I'm always behind the
messages and super super super busy with
stock trading at school and daddy you
know that user [ __ ] all right so I
finished questions one at a time all
right so I hid the name obviously for
privacy reasons if you don't me to hide
your name just let me know all right so
I'm currently 153 pounds 510 I'm skinny
fat but the fat that I have is in my
lower stomach mostly love handles well
welcome to our world [ __ ] that's
all of us if you're a guy that's pretty
much they're probably gonna have about
five percentage roughly 17% I don't know
what I should do because I've heard from
lots of people that you can burn fat and
gay mostly at the same time which is
pure [ __ ] I mean it's been debunked
so many times but whatever anything
would be nice all right so um I have
this low table here at the bottom that's
gonna help make everything pretty simple
problems call a solution right so first
find out what the problem is that's
what's causing the problem and then that
will let us know what solution is okay
so problem so number one your skinny fat
right so one of the causes obviously
this is I'm trying to keep this simple
there's a lot of causes but I'm again
I'm trying to keep this as simple as
possible
insulin resistance right so usually you
know if you young and you know you
experiencing skinny fat issues or even a
few obese something is going on with
your insulin sensitivity right so
instant resistance and a solution to
that is always the same right manipulate
your corpse right now many ways you
could do that I was recommend some kind
of callback loading you know I'm a
strategy where you you you cycling your
carbs and you pretty much just eating
your clubs after the gym and only on
days that you train obviously so go to
the gym that's gonna obviously mobilize
those glute ease right those glue
transporters glucose transporters and
then after the gym right each
I try not to eat your carbs before the
gym simply because we turn away again
Your Honor we sensitize your muscles to
or to insulin right so yeah yes your
cause post-workout you be amazing had
that simple change in timing will affect
your your insulin sensitivity so that's
the first thing I recommend right second
thing is you have music you have love
handles obviously we know you know it's
a quarter so issue as well a lot of
things cause that but cortisol is a big
culprit so we do stress you know and I'm
not so much not so much a good color so
when I say good color so I'm talking
about a quarter so that comes from
training and things like that that's
needed you actually need that I'm
talking about like chronic cortisol so
whatever stressing you get to shut out
the way if you feel inferior you have no
self esteem you afraid of public
interaction I mean whatever it is you
know that's causing you chronic stress
I'm sorry but you might not even know it
because you're so used to it but I will
reduce your distress levels in your life
so and it's easy to do that again watch
comedy hang out with friends do things
that make you happy if you have to do
stressful things make sure you always
sandwich those things with fun things
well that's the sandwich I mean if you
have to do something stressful at 5 p.m.
do something fun at 3 p.m. and do
something fun I like a p.m. I mean like
make sure that you waking up happy
you're gonna burn happy it's very tough
in this world but you know try your best
lower cortisol and of course that's
gonna help and directly you know it's
gonna die rectly help your you know
distance your body's fat storage you
know things like that you'd be amazed
how things they have nothing to do a
work and I have actually affects your
body composition last but not least not
enough muscle that's easy the causes and
about the growth factors you have any
balance or anabolic growth factors
either your gf1 you go home on your
testosterone most importantly you're my
star and to file and balance the part
it's probably your flag
so obviously easy right calories
full-body workouts done right you 153
pounds 510 that's that's not okay
alright so especially for training so
again
eat more don't cut again do not [ __ ]
cut right cutting
gives you short-term results but it's
sabotage with your body long term right
you're already skinny fat so if you cut
skinny yeah you might lose some of the
fat but your limbs are gonna get smaller
or you gonna have less muscle mass and
you already don't have it you know a lot
of muscle and worse of all there's
you're gonna slow down your metabolism
that's a fact
right not only gonna lose muscle but you
gonna slow down your metabolism so when
you do start eating again if you're not
careful you're gonna put on that fat so
fast you know so don't cut if anything
body you know do a body recon right so
high protein pretty much high protein
allows you to eat you know above your
maintenance without putting on too much
fat again it's been proven several times
so again eat enough calories
Manickam protein they're not all gonna
go to muscle of course what's gonna help
about any composition and obviously do
full-body workouts at least three times
a week and that's gonna put on the
maximum also based on your genetics and
also in the shortest you know period of
time all right
hope that helps I'm out of here
you
