hey guys going on making here alright
the next video you guys would fall for
the tier list for till it's Tuesday
until this Thursday is back exercises if
you haven't watched the other ones on
chest and what was the first one fi what
the first one was but anyway just watch
the other ones the links will be in the
description anyway so let's get straight
to it there goes the five categories and
to be as objective as possible I'm gonna
rate these exercises based on how
effective they are obviously recruiting
your back high fishing or obviously
recruiting other muscles so you're
saving time in the gym I'm and obviously
hugger there are progressively
overloading you know how easy it is the
progressive overload now keep in mind
guys I'm ranking these exercises based
their relative to each other right based
on if you could only pick one exercise
for back for the rest of your life what
would it be
that's the main methodology that I'm
using strength each right so if I say
that an exercise ranked slow it doesn't
mean that the exercise is useless it
just means that if I had to pick one
exercise in a training program for back
for the rest of my life that won't be
right because last video there's a lot
of mister you know misunderstandings
were pushes everyone's like oh watch you
ain't pushing solo and I'm like
[ __ ] listen to the video read
the description I clearly say this is
relative if I could only pick one
exercise for my chest for the rest of my
[ __ ] life it will not be [ __ ]
push-ups right that's that's common
[ __ ] sense that doesn't mean that
push-ups is a bad movement it just means
relatives of the other movements it's
definitely not number one right so
that's what I mean when I put an
exercise at the top which is the I'm
about to not category or if I put at the
bottom at pure garbage okay so I don't
see any minded conversation say well you
know this exercise is a great movement
yeah if you're adding it to the other
three anyway so let's get straight to it
I'm gonna try to go fast cuz every
someone said imma go fast if we do ends
up being 20 [ __ ] minutes long alright
so I'm gonna let me pick them dumbbell
pullover 4lakhs right keep in mind guys
this is for lat
for the whole back right arm lats cuz I
don't wanna do a video for lights and up
a bag one boy and you know spinal
erectors and [ __ ] like that so this is
just for your whole back right so width
and thickness at the same time so
dumbbell pullovers if I could only do
one back exercise for the rest of my
life this won't be able to complete
bottom right it's great keep in mind
it's a good exercise for stretchy trying
to stretch your your lats it also
activates a good portion of your chest
you're also gonna get some tricep
involvement it's a good exercise by
itself right but if you compare it to
all the other back movements and if your
goal is maximum back development it will
not be number one on the list so I'm
gonna put that one that pure garbage
next pull down I'm sorry now pull down
the straight ball pull down right so
it's pretty much the pullover with the
cable again if I could only do one
exercise for the rest of my life for
back it would not be there something I
want to put it at bad instead of pure
garbage simply because the contraction
you get in this movement is insane right
it's a good exercise I personally love
it
especially if your form is correct right
and it's also better than a dumbbell
variation because this tension
throughout there you know the entire
range of motion whereas when you're
doing the dumbbell you kind of lose
tension as you get you know to the top
I'm gonna put it as bad because again
relative to all these other exercises
this one is not in you know I'm about to
in that category next this is I love
this exercise during age made it really
really popular this is the hammer shrimp
isolario pulldown I'm gonna put that one
I [ __ ] amazing it's a great exercise
guys it's a great exercise even though
some machine I know a lot of guys think
machines is like the devil no this is
Hammer Strength equipment it's like the
best of both worlds right you combining
free weights and machines it's right
there in the middle it's and I really
have a purely hippie machine movement
and it's also not purely a freeway move
it's right in the middle it's great for
isolating a muscle but hey I'm gonna put
that [ __ ] amazing right you get a
great contraction you could get a really
really good structure at the top right I
like exercises where I could get a good
stretch and a good contraction
and of course it has a really low risk
of injury right if you snap your [ __ ] up
doing this movement something is clearly
wrong with you and it's obviously good
so you know it's easy to progressively
overload you know you can add place and
eventually when you max out the place
you could you smooth do more time under
tension you could focus more nice &
Tricks blah blah blah blah blah watch my
videos and all the different ways to
progressively overload other than just
adding weight next the t-bar roll in the
corner popularized but obviously all on
the pumping iron and Ronnie Coleman I'm
gonna put that one at I was gonna be
biased and put it on I'm about to not
category but I'm gonna put that one that
[ __ ] amazing
right I love this exercise simply
because again based on your body
mechanics you know you might have to
step on place and things like that to
kind of get a better range of motion but
it's a really good exercise remember
your lats you know don't just do
abduction to also do extension right and
hyperextension so it's a good exercise
so I structures we crew your lats to
recruit your own boys to recruit your
mid traps a little bit of your upper
traps your biceps just great movement of
law and in fact that is free weights
obviously we cruise a lot of stabilizing
muscles so I'm definitely gonna put that
when I [ __ ] amazing because it again
it would quit it recruits your back
taking this muscles on your back with
muscles right next bent over barbell
roll I'm gonna put that one and I'm
about to not guys I'm about to nut I
said you know came out ski ski why
because this exercise right there if I
could only pick one exercise for rest of
my life it would definitely be it for
back because you're hitting your own
boys you're hitting your mid traps your
lower traps
you're getting your upper traps believe
it or not you're hitting your road
that's you're hitting a little bit of
your biceps a little bit of forearms you
obviously it's a freeway movement so you
obviously got to engage you know a lot
of your stabilizer muscles and the only
downside is that if you have a weak back
like myself you're not stopped my back
long time ago if you ever week back it's
kind of hard to progressively overload
you know because as you add weights your
lower back starts to become a limiting
factor but other than that it's by far I
believe the best exercise for back
because you get the best of both worlds
now of course this is if I can only pick
one exercise right
because of course in real life scenario
I'm going to add a bunch of all the
exercises to complement the weaknesses
of the bent of a role but if you could
only pick one it'll be the bent over row
bad little rope and a roll same [ __ ]
right
next the pool overs but this time using
the machine that Nautilus machine I'm
gonna put that one that put that one out
okay right now why is it that I put it
at Oakhaven or the other pullover is a
rank lowers because this one not only
luxury in place but the the [ __ ] just
the feel of this exercise this and it's
a shame that most gyms don't have it but
you get a great stretch at the top and
crazy I mean crazy contraction at the
bottom right and it keeps you locked in
place so you can't really use too much
body English to get the weight going in
fact during is also popularized this
movement years ago when he was doing is
a workout video but I absolutely love
this exercise for lats it's just that
most gyms don't [ __ ] have it I
[ __ ] hate that [ __ ] move it along
chest support a roll I'm gonna put the
chip supporter or a [ __ ] amazing
again why because you're recruiting your
arm your lats your mid-back runboys mid
traps all of that [ __ ] bicycles world
else all in one movement right and it's
actually the reason why I put it at
[ __ ] amazing instead of okay is
because if you have lower back injuries
like myself right this is I should
[ __ ] Savior right because it
completely takes out the lower back now
some might argue and say that it's bad
because you're not actually recruiting
those other muscles but you know I'd
rather do chest support a road then no
no back exercise at all simply because
of a bad back and it's very very hard to
get injured doing this exercise you know
next um the low roll right the ISO
lateral hammer strength low roll this
one to be honest guys I'm about to not
I'm putting this one I'm about to not
category because it's pretty much the
t-ball role without needing your lower
back so again if you got a lower back
pain or injuries or you weren't about
snapping your [ __ ] up this exercise is
[ __ ] amazing you're doing a t-ball
roll um what I happen to worry about you
know a weak posterior chain stopping you
right you get a good good stretch you
can stretch this pitch all the way out
specially if you pile on the weights
and used to get a sick contraction and
it's tension throughout the range of
motion right great exercise again Hammer
Strength big shout out to these guys
they they make some of the best exercise
equipment next one is the again it's the
oscillator role but this one is um
pretty much CHS I'm gonna put that one
that [ __ ] amazing you guys my love
training back it's my favorite body part
to train um up there with shoulders and
traps so I've tried all these exercises
over the years this exercise is amazing
especially if you trying to focus more
on the back thickness as opposed to back
where you started to get some back with
activation right you actually get some
lat
activation right because you're doing um
extension here and something can all go
you can even do hyper you know hyper
extension here but uh the wrong boys the
main traps definitely get engaged
next up rat pools all right everybody
that knows me knows that it's my
favorite exercise of all time until
obviously got my injury and I couldn't
do it anymore but rockpools believe in a
knife I could only do one back exercise
for the rest of my life and this is the
rack was above the Icicle look at me
compose because right was normally done
below the knee and I figured out that it
was the best exercise for the upper
traps if you did it above the knee
because you were focused on stretch the
stretching part of the movement good
watch the video it's like back in 2012
but believe it or not for overall back
development I'm gonna put that on its
back right if my focus is to have a
great bag and I'm including the lats
rhomboids traps all that stuff I'm
definitely gonna put the rag ball above
the knee on my number one spot right but
again you the range of motion is very
short and it's mainly to stretch out my
upper traps you know and obviously some
made trap you're gonna get some
activation at the in or at the top
obviously right because your arms are
trying to stay close to your body but
relative to all these other movements
you know it just doesn't and it's not
you know I'm keeping this list free from
bias because if I wanted to use my bias
I would put this movement above
everything like a [ __ ] of the rack was
my favorite exercise of all time but I
gotta be objective for the sake of this
video so this was gonna be a bad for all
robach development
next to croc roll I'm gonna put the croc
okay right so okay move my foot back you
love me you're getting a lot of real
dose a lot of you getting some light
activation right you know you got the
extension part but sadly there's no
abduction I mean there's no there's no
adduction so I'm gonna put that one down
here at okay right because it's mainly
gonna be a lower lat exercise as far as
as well as a mid traps and rhomboids
meant so it's gonna be out okay um next
the meadows row same thing right Meadows
law is gonna be out okay for overall
back development by the way this is
developed this was popularized by John
Meadows really great exercise you get a
good stretch a good contraction but once
again this is mainly a great exercise
for back thickness and a little bit of
back way right um because there's no
adduction component next let's see the
deadlift you know how to put Johnny
Jackson on one of these pictures Johnny
Jackson and the deadlift I'm gonna put
that again for overall back development
and put that at this is tough guys it's
tough because again we're talking about
back take back thickness and backward so
I'm gonna put the deadlift foot back
yeah I know I know it sounds crazy but
keep in mind guys I'm referring to
overall that LIF is great for obviously
your entire posterior chain right you're
gonna get a good upper traps um good mid
back and definitely some last trust me
when you go have you on the deadlift
before I start my shut up when I say go
heavy on a deadlift I definitely felt my
last alright so your last do get engaged
I'm doing a deadlift but as far as if I
could only pick one exercise for the
rest of my life for back thickness and
backward it will not be the dead look in
fact that people can build amazing backs
what out there lifting at all in fact
most bodybuilders yes I know they got
good genetics and on steroids a [ __ ]
like that but most part we don't even
deadlifts to be honest just simply
because the risk of injury as you go
having a heavier increases as you try to
increase your volume on the deadlift
right you guys no volume as long as
you're lifting enough ways is the number
one factor when it comes to our perfo
can you just
do super super high volume on deadlift
every single week
you just can't so if I had to pick only
one exercise for my back thickness and
my back with it will not be the deadlift
next again the pendulum roll I'm gonna
put that one at out okay right I'm gonna
put that one out okay right great
exercise for lat
you got some extension action going on
here you got some one boys I just your
rhomboids I activated your mid-back
great exercise free weights um but don't
the reason why I'm not gonna put it up
there is simply because I know this one
looks pretty similar but let's just call
this one a bent over row and it's on the
Panda grow I'm even though Lee Haney did
do you know kind of like a panda or
variation um but yeah I'm gonna put that
one out okay thank you
now if this list was for back thickness
or bite fall I would have put it out I'm
about to not but this is just this is
back thickness and backward alright so
sadly you kind of missing the the
adduction component next um actually to
be honest guys I'm gonna put them on a
[ __ ] amazing panel Aurora [ __ ]
amazing cuz yes it's true you're not
getting the adduction part for your lats
but it's just so close to the bent over
row you know so it's it's it definitely
deserves to be up there I'm not gonna
compare it to these next a horizontal
row or the inverted row this is great
for you guys who are doing bodyweight
movements Catholic statics you know have
access to a gym you just want to go to a
park and train this is a great exercise
for back the image activation is through
the roof and I'm gonna put that one okay
next the Yates row I'm gonna put the
Yates roll that [ __ ] amazing
you know the yes roll again it's just
like the bent over rows was she doing an
underhand grip instead of overhand that
allows you to use more weight you gotta
be careful though because that was to
push your biceps in a very vulnerable
position um but it's a great exercise
for back um as long as you're not too
upright if you're too upright then you
just mainly a trap exercise and you know
wrong boys but as long as you're not too
upright it's a great exercise for
overall back
next and I how to put Ronnie call me hey
guys I just had to put a picture all
right so obviously that's not an
exercise so don't be like oh what access
has this is this the Ronnie Coleman text
now that's just me putting me today all
right next up cuz that's the goal right
great crazy readings I'm look at this
look look at his upper traps look at his
mid traps look at his lower traps right
look at the last the upper and lower
last look at that directors amazing
[ __ ] bag and of course this is a lot
of genetics and glad I'm in s but that's
the go next pull-ups why grip pull-ups
I'm about to not write a [ __ ] it all
again if I could only pick one exercise
it would definitely be my top five for
back simply because it's just I build my
entire back with pull-ups every state
that I've lived in the first thing I
would always do was go to a Walmart and
pull up or to put him out in a bedroom
or deliver all right nothing beats
pull-ups guys with us pull-ups the
chin-ups back time-tested you could do
it almost anywhere it's easier to
progressively overload as long as you
know your gym has the [ __ ] belt thing
that you could put the weights on great
great great exercise for back weight now
some argue that you know there's not a
lot of back thickness involved because
your upper and mid traps and rhomboids
are not too active but you could fix
that by just walking your back a little
bit more you know but you will get some
lower trap activation good exercise same
thing with the chin-ups I'm about to not
right I'm so biased when it comes to
these but even if you remove my bias
there's some of the best exercises for
your overall back development next
reverse hyperextension okay so these I'm
gonna put these at pure and not pure
garbage just low too much actually pure
garbage right my goal is overall back
development
I'm not putting these at the top of my
list right simply because you really
working on yours on your spine erectus
right there's not a lot of back
thickness activation it's not a you know
there's pretty much no land activation
so [ __ ] that next behind the neck pull
downs I'm gonna put these out okay right
great exercise for your lats you know
your lower traps
little bit of mid back but you can't
they're very hard to progressively
overload you get to a point where you
just can't go stupid [ __ ] heavy just
because it's such an awkward movement
and some people get injured doing it um
so I'm gonna put it out okay next the
cable roll
cable roll believe it or not guys it's
gonna shock some people but [ __ ]
amazing man I think it's an amazing
underrated exercise right you're getting
pretty much it's pretty much like a
thing about it's pretty much a bent over
row so if it's a Penley roll Close Grip
but you're just sitting down right so if
you have lower back issues that's out of
the way and again you activating your
biceps your rear delts your your
rhomboids your male traps you know you
can fix the angle up a little bit
depending on where you want to put the
emphasis or the movement so it's a
really great exercise and it's
time-tested you know cable rule can be
be grateful lats grateful back thickness
[ __ ] amazing
next the dumbbell row dumbbell row I'm
gonna leave that one for last this one's
actually the toughest one to actually
put in a category because it's so good
at but it does have its limitations
next we have the Machine pulldown I'm
gonna put that one put that one I [ __ ]
it bad I'm so mad the Machine pull down
that's the [ __ ] Planet Fitness
[ __ ] if I can only play one back
exercise for the rest of my life this
one will not be at the top now again
keep in mind what I said at the start of
the video that doesn't mean that these
exercises are not good right it just
means that if I could only pick one that
wouldn't be number one right next why
great pull down [ __ ] amazing right
now you know I'm not gonna I'm not I'm
not gonna go into details right why quit
pull down it's pretty much pull-ups
right on reason why it's not up there is
because there's a lot of stabilizing
muscles that are not activate it but
it's again one of the best exercises for
back with for pretty much adduction back
thickness can't be involved if you are
cue back a little bit more but again
great exercise Sam tested this one I'm
about to [ __ ] nut I'm sorry it's very
rare for me to put a machine exercise up
here especially pure machine as opposed
to hammer strength but the benefit of
this exercise can not be understated
the close grip pull down with your back
alright you targeting your lats you got
the extension part of the movement you
just saw some mid-back involvement as
long as you arch your back all right and
depending on how you lower the weight if
you bring it down to your chest you know
close to your upper abs I mean you're
hitting so many muscles in your back so
this one is definitely in I'm about to
not category and you could obviously use
a lot more weight than the wide grip
pull down because of the you know the
bicep engagement
you're putting your bicycles in a
mechanically stronger position here and
again finally this one was pretty tough
the dumbbell row I'm gonna put the
dumbbell row at all actually let me let
me think this for now because it's tough
you know it's it's definitely between
[ __ ] amazing and okay right it's
amazing because again you're getting a
good stretch good contraction because
it's a freeway it's easy to use body
English to get the weight up so it's
easier to cheat and and transfer the
tension to all the muscles as opposed to
the back I'll put that one out okay
nice little key exercise great for back
thickness though I'm get me wrong but
the fact that I see a lot of people do
this exercise wrong it's easy to use
momentum instead of using the last lap
people just make this a bicep exercise
because they're not really pulling with
the elbows so exercise itself is good
it's just it's very few people do this
exercise right so I'm gonna put that one
up okay but I say guys that's my list of
the very best exercises for back
development if you could only pick one
that is right so there goes the top four
you got the bent over row
you got the isolator roll or oh you got
the wide grip pull up you got the chin
up and then you got the Close Grip pull
down followed by these exercises here
and the ones at the bottom right keep in
mind that does not mean that the most of
the bottom are useless it just means
they're not at the top of the list when
constructing a program hope this video
helps vote below for what you want me to
cover next we still have to do shoulders
and traps and tricep stuff like that hey
Mia for coaching especially
if you're skinny [ __ ] I want to put on
some size oh you fat as [ __ ] and they're
trying to lean down without having to do
way too much cardio or cutting your
calories too low those two things on my
special to you alright guys that's it
peace
