hey guys what's going on Megan here all
right 20 reasons why DHT is more or less
important in testosterone all right and
this one is going to be on the physical
signs of testosterone I can make another
one on the Mental effects and show you
guys which ones are mainly uh done by
testosterone and its derivatives versus
DHT so let's get straight to it all
right so uh hand grip strength right the
effect that androgens have on hand grip
strength that one I'm going to put it at
testosterone wins because even without
DHT uh you can still get that effect
right mainly through the Inogen receptor
and obviously estr signaling as well the
main estrogen you need estrogen guys
everyone thinks you know one hormone is
good and one hormone is bad no it's all
about balance if estrogen goes to zero
you're going to have a lot of issues so
that one to starts on WS because you can
definitely have a good grip strength uh
you know even if you have low DHT levels
as long as you have enough testosterone
remember guys DHT is 2 to 10 times more
powerful than testosterone all that
means is that for every one molecule of
DHT you'll need about two to 10
molecules of testosterone to get the
same effect remember testosterone is a
pro hormone it is a pro hormone for DHT
that's why I always joke around and say
that DHT is the Super Saiyan version of
testosterone I have a ton of videos
articles posts quizzes about this so go
get caught up I have all the studies all
the evidence go look it up um all right
so now that we got that out of way let's
see the effect of testosterone on your
nose yeah testosterone WIS right right
the fact that uh obviously I made a
video about that men have bigger noses
than women and it's mainly due to uh
testosterone apart from genetic
differences that one came me down with
just testosterone alone next we have
testosterone's effects on your clavical
width how wide your shoulders are how
broad your shoulders are not talking
about muscle mass I'm talking about bone
um talking about your actual clavicles
that one that one is tricky because you
also need um some amount of estrogen so
I'm going to put that one at
testosterone wi you don't want too much
estrogen because estrogen obviously uh
you know closes your growth plates but
it's also needed uh for bone function so
I want to put that at T on way simply
because DHD cannot convert to estrogen
which in some cases is actually a good
thing but in some cases it's a bad thing
and don't get me wrong I made videos
about this uh oppose I believe DHD does
activate the estrogen receptor beta but
that's through matter belits and blah
blah blah I don't want to go into the
technical details cuz there's a lot of
beginners watching this um next we have
uh testosterone's effects on body hair
so chest hair and even pubic hair that
one DHD wins that one is mainly um
through
DHD let's see again that doesn't mean
that testosterone can do it like I said
earlier in the video you just need a lot
more testosterone to compensate for low
DHD since DHD is the more powerful
Androgen next we have testost effects on
muscle mass as of right now testosterone
wins and I explained several times even
though DHT is more powerful than
testosterone at activating the Engen
receptor when it comes to muscle tissue
and again I explained it so many times
DHT gets broken down by enzymes such as
3 Alpha
hsd and because of that testosterone is
the main Androgen in muscle tissue again
that does not mean that testosterone is
more powerful than DHT no because
obviously if you put it in a dish or if
you have genetic um genetic morphisms
where you're not producing enough 3
Alpha HD or you have ways to lower 3
Alpha HD um then obviously DHD is going
to destroy Tas when it comes to muscle
building potential um so it's a big it
depends right that's the reason why if
you look at most steroids that are DHD
derived they tend to be more anabolic um
all else equal in testas mainly because
you know there's some exceptions where
you can make it you can modify the DHT
molecule so that it is resistant to uh 3
Alpha HD so but as of now this winds
mainly because again you know DHD gets
broken down in muscle tissue that's the
body it's an evolutionary mechanism to
stop you from putting on too much muscle
too fast because once again muscle is
costly uh to the body and it's
detrimental for survival if you have too
much of it also the reason why to ston
winds is because you need estrogen uh
for optimal muscle function right that
includes igf1 that includes growth
hormone blah blah blah and again DHD
does not convert to
estrogen uh next you have uh
testosterone's effects on men having uh
big shoulders this time we actually
talking about muscle mass right again
like I said earlier that one test Stone
win you do not need DHD for that um you
do not need a lot of DHD for that I
should say right you you still need some
DHT because people forget that serum DHT
is not the uh you know the best measure
of how much DHT is in your system you
also have to look at intracellular DHD
you could have low serum levels right
blood levels of DHD but High
intracellular of uh of DHD great example
is hair loss right when you losing hair
when you balding you could have normal
DHD levels in your blood but a crap ton
of DHD in your um in your scalp same
thing with prostate cancer and stuff
like that so uh that does not mean that
DF doesn't play a role in all this
obviously it does it just means that it
is not the main Androgen driving those
features and how do we know this because
there's a lot of studies on people that
have five off for reducted mutations and
they still have muscle mass now to be
fair to be fair they only have mutations
in one of the enzymes uh that make DHD
right now all three of them um um and
then not to mention the other two that
research still on going on uh next we
have testosterone effects on your bra
Ridge that one I was going to put it
it's a tie because research is still
ongoing we do not have a lot of research
on that so I don't want to talk out of
my ass but for now as of now testone
wins right when more research comes out
I'm going to update this playlist and
move this hard now we do know that that
this is driven by the Androgen receptor
so therefore DHD should have a more
powerful effect on that but uh like I
said we don't have a lot of research so
in fact you know what since we don't
have a lot of research I'm going to go
with the theoretical model based on the
the theoretical model I'll put it at
isai because this is a strongly
androgenic trait and we don't have a lot
of U three alpha hhd or other enzymes
that break down DHT um you know in the
in the skull so that one for now is the
ti until more research comes out
um in fact uh let's see using that logic
I should have done the same thing for
clavical
withd uh but that's the thing we don't
have studies comparing clavico with yeah
I'm going to put same thing at this one
I because we don't have a lot of studies
comparing the effects of DHC versus
testosterone on clavico wig um so but in
theory so I'm going to put as set TI
because in theory this is driven by the
enen receptor mainly and obviously DHT
is more pulling so so and we also don't
have a lot of 3 alph hsds and other DHD
breaking enzymes in that region so for
now it's ATI until my research comes out
whereas the rest of these we have a lot
of research on okay next uh
testosterone's effects on your penis
right having a penis right uh again this
one DHT Mo right if you're born with
mutations in your five for red duct days
or where you not making enough DHD
you're actually going to have either a
micr penis a vagina or something in
between so yes thank DHD for your
manhood now obviously after puberty uh
during puberty your body is going to
produce enough testosterone to make up
for the low DHD and that's going to make
your penis finally grow but in some of
those cases they never get full they
never achieve full length of the penis
right um so in fact DFC is also used to
treat microp penis funny enough so that
one you got to think DHD
boys uh now of course after puberty then
yeah you already have a penis so a lot
of these effects uh can be maintained
without DHD after pbd but that's moving
to Goos all right next uh let's see
Test's effects on your strength oo that
one is tough that one is tough I'm going
to put that one at ET TI simply because
we do know the pathways through which
DHD activates uh increases strength and
force output both in rats and humans uh
but I'm not going to put it higher
simply because even with low DHD levels
you can still maintain some amount of
strength again there huge variations it
all depends on genetic polymorphisms
mainly in three Alpha HD and similar
enzymes so as a RTI also when we look at
steroids uh if you compare DHD
derivatives to testosterone
derivatives um there's actually a big
difference on average right there's some
exception but there's a big difference
in the DHD compounds the DHD compounds
tend to produce more Force output um on
average of course there's some
exceptions you know like especially with
nalone derivatives and things like that
or Halo testin blah blah blah you know
but on average DHD dered compounds tend
to be better at increasing Force output
so I'm going to put as a TI for now
because like I said even without DHD
your body can still find ways to
increase Force output next we have
testosterone's effects on the length of
your arms you know men have longer arms
than women mainly due to the effects of
androgens during puberty uh same thing
I'm going to put it at it's a tie
because both androgens play a role and
obviously DHT is the more powerful
Androgen there again reason why it's not
higher is what I explained earlier is
because even with low DHT levels you can
still benefit from this as long as you
have high testosterone
levels um next we have uh testosterone's
effects on traps having huge traps
obviously I'm going to put that one at
testosterone WIS because you do not need
as far as we know currently you do not
need a crap ton of DHD in order for that
to happen uh so that's going to go into
stone WIS same thing if you look at
steroids both DHD derivatives and nulon
derivatives and testosterone derivatives
will still give you that pronounced
effect so I'm not going to give that win
to DHD for
now um well actually yeah using that
logic I should put that as a tie because
both
androgens uh oh no that's if I look at
steroids if I look at natties then I
have to give that one yeah if I look at
just Naturals I have to give that win to
testosterone mainly because of the extra
conversion to estrogen which is also
anabolic
um as long as you don't have too much of
it of course next we have masculinizing
the face that one I'm going to put this
one at o this one is tough um it's a
mainly endogenic trait uh but if you
look at people that have that's the
issue with people that have five alra
rued mutations is they still have DHD
they don't have zero DHD right usually
they have the mutation in the um uh in
the second enzyme in number two as
opposed to one and three so this one is
tough to say so masculinize in the face
I'm going to put that one at isti I want
to put it at DHD WIS but again I'm
trying to be objective and not biased
when I make these videos I want to put
it as a TI for now because again it's an
androgenic trait um it is modulated by
the Androgen receptor uh which typically
should give DHT a win but because we
don't have a lot of direct evidence on
this we only have theoretical models I'm
going to put it as a
tie next we have uh same thing uh
testosterone's effects on the length of
your legs you know testosterone increase
men have longer legs than women again
mainly due to puberto testosterone that
one I'm also going to put it at the saai
because it is mainly uh through the
Androgen receptor as well estrogen also
B A Rob I explained that earlier so that
one is a
tie uh next let's
[Music]
see well actually I should have put God
damn it I should have put the Hangin f
as well well using the logic of uh
Androgen
signaling no no no because uh you also
need some form of estrogen and
DHT will not do that but it's kind of
confusing because if you look at that's
the thing the research on DHD and
testone is so mixed because if you look
at studies where people actually inject
DHD and crush the estrogen and
testosterone levels they don't lose
strength so yeah I'm going to put that
one TI uh mainly because when people
people Crush their testosterone and
estrogen artificially and get injected
with DHT I covered that study in the
past they don't experience a drop in uh
hand grip strength so uh as well as leg
extension strength so I want to put that
one
isti um whereas these we we have a lot
of evidence all right next next making
sure your face is not Fe you know
feminized obviously DHD wins that is
mainly through the indogen
receptor um next making sure that you
have make sure that you don't have
breasts I already explained in the video
on the inen receptor uh the whole thing
about men actually being females in the
wom until week 8 to 10 when the SR Gene
activates blah blah blah so get caught
up on that watch my video called 20
reasons why the engine receptor is more
important into to one or something like
that I forgot what the [ __ ] I called it
but that one you do not need DHT for
that um so let's see I'm going to put
that one as a t because both test St on
and DHD uh are enough to counteract the
the effects of estrogen on breast
development obviously DHD is stronger
but again to avoid being biased I'm
going to put it at it's a
TI uh let's see let's see now again when
you if you have gyno DHD is obviously
the main Androgen to prevent it simply
because they won't convert to estrad but
that's a whole
different it's a whole different
premise sorry I be moving to go post if
I actually use that as a as a criteria
next we have uh testy effects on bone
density that one I got to say the
testosterone wins because like I said
you need both testosterone and some
estrogen um so and in fact when people
are injected with DHT to the point where
they have low testosterone low estrogen
but High DHT that tend to lose again
keyword here that tend to lose some bone
density because of the Cross estrogen so
that one test one definitely wins
um let's see uh the 2D Ford ratio that
one again I'm going to put this one at
its tie because both and
um play a role in this let's see uh next
acne oh yeah that one DHT wins that one
is mainly DHT
unfortunately that's probably the reason
why DHT get such a bad rap right because
a lot of the things that we don't want
are actually come from DHT um so let's
see next hair loss oh boy oh boy that
one come on come on got to be objective
we all know this one that one is DHD by
far it's the main Androgen evolved in
hair that doesn't mean mean that you
can't lose air with you know um doesn't
mean that testas doesn't play a role
depending on again how much testone you
have but DHT is the main Androgen behind
hell loss and again it's not because of
DHT itself it's simply because of the
Androgen receptor right DHT is just more
powerful at activating the inine
receptor and when you're balding due to
genetic and environmental lifestyle
factors blah blah blah you have a crap
ton of uh DHT accumulating in your scalp
and your enogen receptor in your scalp
is obviously more so long story short
yeah that one is DHC by far you know but
like I said inverter you good right
there a good and bad with every
homeowner uh let's see next making sure
that you have big
testicles in fact let me rephrase that
making sure that you have testical
period that one is DHD that one is DHD
if you have low DHD levels you actually
like I said earlier you born without
external genitalia um during puberty
they're finally going to come out your
balls are literally going to drop um but
DHD is the main Androgen at Birth
responsible for making sure that you
have external genitalia meaning your
balls and your penis actually come out
as opposed to stay
inside next making sure that you have
well not making sure but that's just a
side effect but having longer feet men
have longer feet than women and again
this is through uh testerone doing
puberty that one is its a tie obviously
uh between both hormones next you have
having larger hands same thing
that one is it's a tie uh next you have
uh testosterone's effects on speed and
power output that one once again it's a
tie both androgens play a role in that
for the reasons I explained earlier next
you have tason's effects on jumping
ability that one is also a tie all right
because the enogen receptor plays a role
in this um next you have testosterone's
effects on making sure you do not have a
China yeah that's correct and I
explained that in the previous video on
the Androgen receptor for those you guys
who don't know once again men are
naturally men are by default females in
the womb until we exposed to until the S
so gen activates and until androgens
come out blah blah blah so if you have a
complete Androgen CIS s complete
Androgen insensitivity syndrome where
your body does not respond to
testosterone DHD you actually going to
have a vagina um on the outside so
anyway so making sure that you do not
have a vagina that one is is again DHT
wins because DHT is the main Androgen
once again that makes sure that you have
a external genitalia so that one DHD
wins again until puberty you know where
testosterone is high enough to make up
for the low DHD so most of the people
that have that unfortunate mutation um
are raised as girls I made several posts
about that look it up it's called gra
dosis blah blah blah um next obviously
making sure that you have a functioning
normal functioning prostate right for
for fertility for uh sperm function blah
blah blah DHD marks that is main
actually want to put that DHD winch
because if you have high enough
testosterone that can Compass it but
that's mainly uh driven by DHD in fact
no I going to put that DHD MTH because
DHT is the most powerful Engen in the
prostate which unfortunately leads to
prostate cancer next we have making sure
that your body develops as a male
instead of a female by the way these are
two men they have complete androgenic
Sensitivity Syndrome they do not respond
to Androgen so their body forms has the
default uh body type which is female for
the human race uh that one is its a
tie right because uh you obviously need
the enogen receptor for that DHD is
going to be the more poent activator as
I always say um but testy can also uh
compensate right so people that have um
low DHD levels they still develop as
male apart from the genitors that I
mentioned and um doing puberty you know
the rest gets fixed whatever so that's
it guys I hope that answers most of your
questions about the differences between
DHD and teston as far as the physical
effects of testone go I'm going to make
another one for the Mental effects all
right I'm out of here
