check out how to jack this keep in mind
he's only 10 years old 10 year old kid
from vietnam with a milestone deficiency
right aka the hercules gene look at his
calves like this kid is so jacked at
only 10 years of age keep in mind this
kid hasn't gone through puberty yet
normal testosterone levels normal daily
activities the only difference is he's
lacking the mind strategy but he's from
vietnam 10 years of age and obviously
again he has the milestone efficiency
his parents found that out when he was
about six years old look at his scabs
compared to the other kid in the back
look at his traps back here unreal on
[ __ ] real he has bigger traps than
99 of us who are doing shrugs and dead
lifts and everything under the sun i
have another picture here lighting from
the gods look at his doubts guys [ __ ]
popping out side laterals not even once
back that will buy baby daring yates in
the house he looks like [ __ ] bikey
the grappler guys he has that football
neck
