hey guys what's going on Megan here here
are the 10 best foods to gain weight as
fast as possible part one we're going to
focus on protein the next videos are
going to focus on carb sauces fruits
fiber veggies blah blah blah but for now
we'll focus on protein all right let's
get started chicken breast I'm actually
going to put that at F tier if you're
trying to lose weight that's a different
story but if you're trying to gain
weight and you have a appetite problem
you struggle with appetite then chicken
breast actually goes in F tier and
that's because one it is not easy to eat
or digest right it is too safe I ating
two it is not calorie dense three it's
actually not nutrient dense number four
I don't care what nobody says it does
not taste good I can't stand dry has
chicken breast some people do but most
don't and the only thing it has going
number five it is Affordable right so
out of the five things that a food must
have to be on your bulking grocery list
chicken brass only checks one box next
we have peanut butter so let's see
number one is easy to eat and digest
right you don't have to do a lot of
chewing right remember when you're
bulking guys you want foods that you
don't have to spend a lot of time
chewing or dig gesting number two it is
very calorie dense number three it's
actually nutrient dense number four it
tastes delicious and number five it is
very affordable so I'm going to put that
in s tier broley tier next we have beans
one it is not easy to eat or digest
right it's too high in fiber two it is
not calorie dense three it is nutrient
dense number four yeah it kind of tastes
good depending on how you cook it and
number five is Affordable so it checks
three out of the five boxes so I'm going
to put it in B tier Frances and got here
next we have chicken thighs number one
it's not easy to eat or digest it's too
much chewing required number two it's
kind of calorie dense right there in the
middle right cuz it's a lot more fat
number three it's not really nutrient
dense contrary to popular belief number
four it tastes good as and number five
it's affordable so I'm also going to put
it in B tier cuz it really it's really
3.5 out of five but it we'll put in B
tier next we have whey protein protein
shake number one it's extremely easy to
eat digest two it's not calorie dense
three it's not nutrient dense four it
does taste good depending on the brand
and five it is Affordable these days so
it does check three out of five boxes so
we're going to put it in bit here as
well next we have fatty steak right nice
juicy steak so let's see number one it
is not easy to eat and digest number two
it actually is calorie dense number
three it is very nutrient dense number
four it is delicious number five it is
not affordable so sadly I'm going to put
that in be here as well next we have
eggs whole eggs that's including the
yolk number one is very easy to eat and
digest even though it's a little sa
shating but it's actually easy to eat
number two is very calorie dense number
three it is very nutrient dense number
four eggs are delicious and number five
eggs are also very affordable so they're
going to go e Broadley slser next we
have nuts pause number one they're not
really easy to eat in digest because you
still have to do a lot of chewing number
two they're very calorie dense number
three they're very nutrient dense number
four they're delicious and number five
they're also affordable obviously
depending on the nuts so I'm going to
put those in a tier when it comes to
bulking next we have fatty ground beef
right so not lean fatty ground beef
number one it's not easy to eat and
digest number two it is calorie dense
number three it is nutrient dense number
four it's delicious and number five is
Affordable so we're going to put that in
a tier next we have lean ground beef so
that's 9010 937 955 and higher number
one it's not easy to eat and digest
number two it's not really calorie dense
cuz it's too lean number three it is
nutrient dense number four uh I mean it
tastes kind of good but fine we'll give
it that and number five it's not so
affordable right depending on your
budget so I'm going to put that in C
tier right that's Mighty Mouse SL DJ
tier next we have cheese oh Lord cheese
is so delicious guys but anyway number
one it's easy to digest or eat number
number two is calorie dense number three
is nutrient dense number four it is
delicious and number five it is semi
affordable so I'm going to put cheese in
s tier broy tier next we have egg whites
number one they're very easy to eat and
digest number two they are not calorie
dense number three they are not nutrient
dense number four I don't care what
nobody says egg whites do not taste good
and number five they're affordable so I
want to put egg whites in C tier maybe B
tier for those who think egg whites
actually taste good next we have salmon
or any fatty fish so number one it's not
easy to eat or digest number two it is
not calorie dense number three it is
very nutrient dense number four it does
kind of taste good depending on your
taste buells of course that's very
subjective and number five it is not
affordable so it only scores two out of
five so we're going to put that in C
tier next we have yogurt so number one
it's obviously easy to eat or digest
number two it's calorie dense depending
on the kind of yogurt you get so the
more fat the more calorie dense number
three it is actually nutrient dense and
it's a great probiotic number four
yogurt is delicious and number five it's
kind of affordable these days it used to
be expensive as hell so I'm going to put
that in s tier as well especially if you
get a whole fat yogurt and last but not
least we have milk so let's see number
one it's extremely easy to eat or digest
number two is very calorie dense
especially whole milk number three it is
very nutrient dense number four
delicious and number five it's
affordable I'm going to put that at the
very top of Aer milk is the ultimate
bulking food hands down all right guys
hope this video helps stay tuned for
part two don't forget to like subscribe
visit the website and grab a copy of the
ebook to support the channel I'm out
here
