hey guys going on Megan here all right
so take a look at this chart I put up
right look at the odds of you being in
the NFL based on your race that's
freaking insane guys this is the number
of NFL players per 10 million man
meaning if you grab 10 million black men
at random 10 million Polynesian white
man blah blah blah here are the odds
that you're gonna find some NFL players
anyway today's fun fact Friday as you
guys know this is the series where we
just talk about various topics that for
some reason I consider taboo and our
shitty ass sensitive ass Society but as
you know in this channel we talk about
everything right so the previous episode
make sure you check them out we talked
about why nordics dominate strong man
why West African descendants dominant
sprinting and bodybuilding why Mexicans
dominate lightweight boxing East
Africans and running long distance
running to be specific Polynesians and
that over representation in rugby in the
NFL and obviously Europeans and Asians
when they come comes to Olympic
weightlifting so check out those videos
if you haven't already now the
disclaimer I'm not going to go over the
disclaimer again and again in every
video it gets really [ __ ] boring but
to keep it short guys when we talk about
race on this channel we're talking about
an easy way to categorize people based
on phenotypes and genotypes right that's
it right when I say Asian you know what
the [ __ ] I'm talking about when I say
black you know what I'm referring to now
obviously within those populations we
know there are differences but to make
conversations easier it's easier to just
say white black Asian Hispanic whatever
right so keep your semantics and your
virtual signaling to your [ __ ] self
all right we're all humans we are
brothers no one is superior we all have
our strengths and weaknesses based on
where our ancestors evolved and adapted
to all right that's it so I'm tired of
you social justice Warriors ruining the
[ __ ] internet right anyway all right
so let's talk about the NFL real quick
you guys know again huge sport in
America the biggest sport in America as
you can see here it is the most popular
sport among white people among Hispanics
among African Americans and even others
right people who identify us what the
[ __ ] ever they want right so obviously
football is huge in America personally
it's my second favorite sport after
basketball but basketball has been trash
now so football is quickly beginning the
number one spot now let's talk about the
genetics of football guys it doesn't
just take hard work or an interest in
football culture to make it in the NFL
right you got to be a genetic [ __ ]
beast right the people who make it in
the league are not just the average
white guy the average black guy the
average Polynesian [ __ ] no right it's
you grab the elite within the population
and within the elite top [ __ ] one
percent of those Elite other ones who
make it in the NFL okay it is extremely
competitive and extremely hard to get
into right everyone has this
misconception oh as long as you run fast
and you beg you make it to NFL [ __ ] no
all right you got to be a genetic
[ __ ] beast these are the Saiyans of
the [ __ ] American population the
elite scene games right not the Raditz
[ __ ] all right to give you some
perspective on the average NFL player
first let's pull out the Vegeta scouter
all right the average NFL player is over
200 pounds over six feet tall right and
not only they have these Mammoth stats
but they have to be able to do so many
athletic things on the field they have
to be able to dodge they have to be
agile they have to be good at blocking
they have to tackle and most importantly
they have to be able to take tackles get
back up and continue the game over and
over again that's why the average NFL
career is so [ __ ] short right it's a
brutal [ __ ] Sport and that's part of
what makes it so [ __ ] exciting to
watch right you have the world's best
Gladiators best genetic phenoms on the
field competing obviously they're
enhance the one that's going to deny
that but you can check all the [ __ ]
drugs in the world all the trend all the
DECA all the [ __ ] dhg derivatives
you're never gonna make it into NFL
right so we can safely rule that out as
a determining factor and just to show
how much genetics plays a role in the
NFL look at a quick breakdown of
position by race right this is from 2014
but it hasn't changed much since then as
you can see the positions that require
the most speed are dominated by West
African descendants right
African-Americans and if you watch my
video on African-Americans you know what
I'm talking about you already know the
reason behind this right it's no
coincidence that the fastest man in the
world uh West African descendants and
they're also over represented in the
fast position in the NFL right I mean
look at it right obviously wide
receivers you got to be fast as [ __ ] 88
of black cornerback which is the fastest
position in the NFL look at that 99.4
percent
a black and I just black again West
African descendants not East African
descendants right and then I already
explained why the whole malaria thing
but anyway and if you look at the
positions that require your strength
it's kind of equal right a lot of
strength out of power you have white
blacks close to 50 right for example
Taco Gods whose main responsibility is
blocking right so it requires a lot of
lower body strength a lot of stationary
strength you'll notice there's not a big
gap between white and black right but
the moment you go into speed huge
[ __ ] Gap right obviously running
backs wide receivers going to backs and
obviously the people on the defensive
and the way wrestler in fact I'm gonna
make a separate video just to explain
every single position and why the
breakdown is the way it is right and of
course as you can see here the vast
majority of quarterbacks Hawaii right
and I get almost I know I'm probably
gonna make a video on that too while the
vast majority quarterbacks are white
people are gonna [ __ ] hate me for
that video but I don't give a [ __ ] you
guys know on this channel I'm impartial
and I just bring out the facts some will
like it some won't but if I cared about
your feelings I wouldn't be making these
videos but anyway back to chocolate
video so check out the odds right so
obviously starting with black people
right so if you grab 10 million men that
ran them from the population you're
gonna find over 400 people
um 400 black people in the NFL right
Polynesians are next stop right close to
300 which is insane they're only 0.25 of
the US population so very very very very
very small minority and yet look how
many you'll find it that's why I made
that video about Simone people were like
they're not a good represented in the
NFL shut the [ __ ] up look at this guy
this is insane right you got to go based
on percentage of the population right so
there's only about 20 to 30 of them in
the NFL but if you look at it as a
percentage it's insane Black's obviously
13 of the population obviously only only
men playing NFL so you can cut that in
half about six percent of the population
but yet they make up close to 60 to 70
percent of the NFL right insane right
and obviously in the next stop is white
out of 10 million white men you'll find
about 45 followed by Native American
where you find about 14 out of 10
million for Hispanics you'll find about
three it's really 2.5 out of rounded up
to 3 out of 10 million and for Asian
you'll find one out of 10 million right
these are some crazy [ __ ] odds
450 455 out of 10 million for blacks
close to 300 out of 10 million
for Polynesians right so you can clearly
see that genetics play a massive role
right in fact researchers have found out
that when it comes to sports performance
genetics are responsible for 66 percent
of the variance right so for you [ __ ]
out there hold like it's just culture
this culture is just you are the most
[ __ ] people on the face of the Earth
do you honestly think that just because
you want to make it in NFL you could
just wheel yourself into it [ __ ] man you
gotta have the genetics for it right and
like I said several times different
people different populations are good at
different things mainly due to Natural
Selection now of course culture plays a
minor role which is why I always
emphasize culture in the videos but when
the statistics are that crazy when the
discrepancies of that massive it's not
just culture it's mainly genetics for
example back to the shot from earlier
Hispanics are just as interested in
football as the rest of the population
right so you can't say oh look they're
just not interested in football look 38
for whites 33 for Hispanics 37 for
African Americans so if it was just a
matter of culture and interest the
discrepancies wouldn't be this massive
right now like I said don't get me wrong
there is a cultural element right for
example if you're Asian it's going to be
very hard to convince your parents to
let you play sports right because
obviously want you to go completely
different route focus more on academics
and stuff like that but you still gotta
have the genetics to make it in that
specific sport I mean there's a reason
why the dominant weightlifting right
which favors obviously the Eurasian
phenotype which is short arms short
Lambs long guitar so again I made a
video about that check it out and as I
always say that does not mean that if
you in any one of these groups you're
not going to make it to them for this
not what I'm saying at all I know people
like the straw man everything I [ __ ]
say no obviously you're gonna find some
outliers for example 99.4 percent of the
cornerbacks were black that doesn't mean
that you're not going to find a fast
Asian or you're not going to find a fast
Hispanic or white person right of course
you to find you know some outliers you
know some people who are way faster in
what the statistics suggests right we
talking about average not the outliers
so in short this graph is not to
discourage anyone it's just to show the
brutal reality of genetics right if this
video was about a different sport or a
different profession trust me it'll be
completely different I could show you
different sports and different jobs
where this graph is completely flipped
to the other side which is why I always
say bragging about which race is
superior and who's better and who is
[ __ ] [ __ ] right we all have our
strengths and weaknesses and for those
who insist that it's 100 culture despite
their overwhelming statistics let's talk
about the pink means of [ __ ] Africa
right the pig means of central Africa
where the average height is literally
less than five feet you mean to tell me
the reason why they're not in the
[ __ ] NFL or the reason why they're
not in the NBA is because of culture
because they're not interested in the
NBA [ __ ] it doesn't matter how
much they love the NBA or how much they
love the NFL it's going to be nearly
impossible to find a pygmy to make it to
the [ __ ] big leagues right so shut
the [ __ ] up about the whole we all equal
you can make it to any sport as long as
you put your mind to it I can't stand
you [ __ ] some groups of people
some ethnicities have on average keyword
on average limitations right a pygmy is
never going to win the World's Strongest
Man event they're just not tall enough
they're never going to be centers again
unless it's a [ __ ] outlier it has
like a [ __ ] growth hormone releasing
tumor or some weird [ __ ] same thing with
the Dinka in [ __ ] East Africa right
around Sudan tallest tribe in the entire
[ __ ] world right there's no
coincidence that we don't see a lot of
them in gymnastics this has nothing to
do with culture being that [ __ ] tall
makes it almost impossible for you to be
a world-class gymnast right so you're
not gonna see them overrepresented in
gymnastics even if it becomes a popular
thing in that country but you will see a
lot of them make it to the NBA again as
a percentage of their population all
right you guys remember ball and his son
I mean look how tall his [ __ ] son is
right again genetics all right look how
tall he was right I mean look how tall
women are in that [ __ ] truck this is
insane again genetics in fact I have a
video coming up explaining why that's so
goddamn it's all right anyway that's it
guys it's a really interesting chart I
wanted to share with you guys and as
always keep it respectful in the comment
section no racist [ __ ] these are
just fascinating topics for the majority
of us it's just would live in a society
where you can't even mention that
without being crucified anyway that said
stay tuned for future videos eventually
I'm gonna make one on IQ I'm gonna make
one I'm gonna make more in the NFL as
well more in the NBA different sports
because I just love human diversity and
how we all good at so many different
things right it's kind of like a big ass
Justice League where we all have our
strengths and weaknesses and if aliens
were to [ __ ] invade one day we
definitely know who's going to be
playing what role just joking just
joking see you guys in the comment
section all right guys don't forget to
like or share the video subscribe and
hit the bell and by my HSB nucleus of a
little training program it's the
ultimate program for maximum muscle
growth it includes full body workouts
plus bro splits push-pull home workouts
you name it also comes with a complete
guide for macros nutrition fat loss
monster growth hormones including a meal
plan it's pretty much all my 16 years of
experience condensed into one [ __ ]
book you're also going to get get free
copies of any future Edition so visit
team3dalpha.com and you can use the 40
off coupon code nucleus overload or you
could just buy the share full price all
right guys I'm out of here
