hey guys going on Megan here I got a lot
of requests to make the one hour long
Lucas overload video a lot shorter so
I'm gonna try to do it in five minutes
so let's get straight to it
Lucas a little proven in five minutes so
first how did I create a new solo
program how did it all start first I
started with broad science observations
right growing up looking at manual
workers athletes friends even myself I
noticed three consistent trends one the
people that will over work or over train
a muscle everyday for brief periods of
time will have that muscle
it must be over develop when I started
bodybuilding right even if they may have
to stop body building that muscle was
noticeably bigger right over developed
the second thing is there often took
long breaks you know a lot of these
people again the work is if you watch
the longest video I explain every single
scenario but that would take long break
so that will overwork the muscle for a
short period of time because of the job
or you know if they were at least
whatever and then it would take breaks
right not on purpose you know we're just
part of the job and each time they came
back they were noticeably bigger and I
noticed this trend throughout my whole
life growing up right and a lot of them
when I was joined by the building the
muscle they used to over train will grow
exponentially faster right I was one of
the biggest observations but I never
really understood why because when I
started training you know I was reading
magazines and it was all about gross
place and training muscles once a week
so I never really understood why but the
the the evidence was so overwhelming and
getting a look at the one-hour video if
you have time um that I just couldn't
ignore it right so I started making
videos about as I guys you know like I'm
noticing I'm noticing this phenomenon
there's no science behind it at the
moment
but I'm pretty sure this science will
catch up and that's what I should say in
all those videos you could still go back
and watch them then eventually the
science breakthroughs came right the
biggest one was the rat study that
showed that if you over train the rats
lag you know by obviously damaging the
other leg
you get a huge increase in muscle nuclei
for those were not familiar and Muslim
clear I was pretty much where the DNA is
right you can build muscle without your
nuclei that's why your genes are right
um and also the second observation was
that the board Oakley our monster has
two faster growth which explains muscle
memory which is a steroids work
explains what when you take a long break
and you come back to training your
Buster grows up with fastest because you
lose the muscle but you know lose them
unclear right and obviously the third
study was am talk which is the you know
the main agent in proceed sentences you
know that activates p7 es exhale all
that [ __ ]
it gets desensitized the longer you
train so you get the the biggest
adaptation response within the first two
to four weeks and then after that even
if you keep training you get less than
likes games which is why our train
lifters notice that it's harder harder
to keep growing because the mTOR is
desensitized right but when you take
breaks it comes back so long story short
I decided to put all that together I was
like alright how do I combine the bro
science observations that I saw growing
up what the studies was showing at the
time and I put it all together and I
decided okay I'm gonna call it nucleus
ooh below that I don't know what to
[ __ ] call it right because everyone
will you come coming to my videos and
say oh that's overtraining you
overtraining the muscle and I was like
guys you know I'm not referring to over
overtraining your entire body or you
over train your mind I'm just referring
to overwork in the more so finally to
end all the conclusion to end all the
confusions I decided to you in a name
which was a little clearer solo because
you're getting a lot of nuclei in that
muscle right and based on the
observations again from looking at my
friends and myself yeah at least all the
stories I decided to structure a 30-day
program putting all that together and I
said one training more so every day
right high to moderate reps so that you
know you don't cause you know lead to
too many injuries or whatever for 30
days right second thing was take at
least a one or two week break to read
sensitize the muscle and let it recover
this was all just be bro science saying
and going of observations and what I
know at the time and the third thing and
I told everybody you could still go back
and watch these videos you know thank
God I still on YouTube that's the one
will [ __ ] believe me I was back in
2011 2012 or 2013 right over seven years
ago and I've said you once again that
first but when you return to normal
training with the newly acquired nuclei
you should grow faster and this is pure
bro science because we didn't have any
human studies at the time and I got a
lot of Christmas number one who is all
that's bro science number two through
was saying training him on so he they
will make it shrank it only works on
last night humans they won't bring a
black body parts blah blah blah and boom
in 2018 this study came out showing that
your initial growth doesn't require new
nuclei obviously when you begin are you
to draw but further growth after that
requires way more nuclei alright so any
Grove past 22% requires an addition of
the nuclei from satellite cells and
finally the best nucleus overload study
ever which came out in 2019 for be Onan
and it's team it blows my mind cuz this
is literally nuclear solo check the site
here's a summary you got to go check it
out number one they picked a group of
men and they over trained a monster for
two weeks so I said it's raining monster
every day up to twice a day in some days
for up to two weeks you know it's it
breaks it between low weights of high
reps they use blood for position
training in kind so I made videos about
that
no games at first just like I explained
over seven years ago that you wants it
again the first but I'll come later and
watch this huge gains in satellite cells
up to one hundred and forty seven
percent increase and also a thirty one
percent increase in nuclei as well as
gains in strength and size guys this is
literally almost word-for-word nucleus
overload the proof is there all the
people all the criticism everyone I said
how it only works on raster doesn't work
on humans the bra size that's like
you're telling you guys a lot of time
the science will catch up to the bra
size not all bro science is true but
when you in the face of overwhelming
evidence you have you have to take a
leap of faith and here it is science has
proven the nucleus overload does work
all right guys that's it ah [ __ ] six
minutes I'm out peace nothing it's like
subscribe comment below I'm out
