hey guys what's going on Megan here
happy New Year folks and I know you guys
are setting your New Year resolutions so
this video is uh it's the perfect timing
all right so I have here a list of the
most popular New Year resolutions the
most popular life goals and habit
changes that men try to make and I'm
obviously going to rank them from god
tier to I'm not going to say that I
don't want to get demonetized right so
mandatory self-explanatory these are the
goals that you're going to have to do if
you want to succeed as a man keep in
mind this is for man who want to improve
man who want to succeed make money get
girls start a family whatever very
important is again self-explanatory cool
story that's the goals that are like
okay right it's not going to move the
needle a lot right they're okay they
don't hurt they also don't help
substantially waste of time these are
goals that again you're just wasting
your time right uh because for every
hour that you spend working on one goal
you could spend that hour on other goal
so and obviously again this one all
right so let's get straight to it uh I'm
going to pick him at random lose fat
obviously right this is very important
I'm not going to put it mandatory right
because it depends on your body fat
right if your body fat is super high
then yeah that's going to be mandatory
but again if you you know DC status then
I would say very
important next we have uh let's see
let's see I got to pick up my random so
I'm trying not to use my bias here work
on your yeah this whole looks maxing
Trend I'm going to put that at cool
story guys looks Max look maxing
whatever you guys it's in fact I
actually want to put in waste of time
the only Reas I'm putting in that cool
story is because all right you know it
doesn't hurt but guys you got to
understand that unless you're already
super goodlooking you already have great
genetics this is not going to move the
needle a lot I know you don't want to
hear it but it's not right got men who
are seven eight nine out of 10 right
they're going to destroy you no matter
how much looks maxing you do you can
only go so far right if you ugly you
ugly just own it and try to Compass it
in other areas but this trend I mean I'm
getting messages about men saying should
I mute should I do this should I do it's
a waste of time because even if you get
a perfect face you still have to go
through the bottleneck right women are
going to be attracted to you but you're
still going to have to go through the
bottleneck what is the ultimate bottl
that guys it's your personality your
status your ability to provide security
both physical and Financial Security so
you could look smacks as much as you
want right but there a reason why there
are ugly guys who clap cheeks and they
are tall handsome guys who are still
virgins right because your looks can
only take you this far your looks are
going to cause that initial attraction
but in order to keep the woman that's
your personality that's your status
that's your ability to provide security
watch my video on the Triple S score
while go into detail so cool story
bro next we have so let's see I'm going
to try to go fast cuz this video is
going to be too long uh get a get a wife
man I'm get married I want to put that
at waste of time guys you guys know my
views on marriage unless you find a
perfect woman I feel like marriage is a
waste of time for 90% of men um and
again every woman is the right woman on
the day of marriage on the day you marry
that [ __ ] she's the right woman until 5
10 years later she ruins your life so
this is one of those things where you
playing Russian roulette right you guys
think the men who are getting divorced
and Los half of everything and being
depressed and suicidal because they
ended they ended up marrying Jezebel
herself you think they knew that she was
going to do that to them right on the
day of marriage every woman is the
perfect woman so you guys know my view
on marriage I feel like don't get me
wrong marriage as this place in society
but I feel like it's playing Russian
roulette you got to be so careful who
you choose to marry you know now if you
get the perfect woman great right lucky
you [ __ ] but most of the time they're
hard to pick apart from the from the
snakes all right next uh let's see
what's the goal of men should have uh
pay of Deb obviously you know that's uh
I'm G to put that cool story as crazy as
it sounds right I'm going to put that
that cool story boy because in some
cases it doesn't hurt to have debt right
depending on your uh financial situation
if you have businesses you know speak
with your accountant they're going to go
into details paying of thatb even though
it sounds like the most obvious choice
it's not always the best decision
depending on what um situation you're in
depending on your context right your
financial situation you could always
wait and you could even you can even use
the interest expense to your advantage
but anyway next uh Lane of drugs if
you're addicted to drugs yes that
includes weed uh I'm going to put that
if you're trying to quit drugs I'm going
to put that very important right it's
holding you back Common Sense next
learning a new language I'm going to go
really fast now learning a new language
by the way I'm not sponsored by do
language but my daughter uh put me on
hold on a second Raiden is crying like a
[ __ ] all right guys I'm back
sorry about that yeah Raiden louder than
a [ __ ] all right so where did I
leave off I think I left off at the yeah
lay off the drugs that's common sense uh
next we have yeah charity stuff right
you know try to help uh your fellow man
try to uh you know by the way guys I'm
going to be launching that GoFundMe
initiative I told you I was going to do
like two three years ago I just never
had time long story short it's a project
where people are going to um donate as
much as they want and it's going to go
to a random young man who needs it
anywhere in the world so I did the math
guys if 100 people give what uh 50
cents that's 50 bucks right 50 bucks
that's a lot to a young man out there
that's a lot to a young man in America
that's a lot to a young man outside of
the US so it's something I've been
trying to do for a long time but I just
never get the time right so anyway so if
you want to participate when I launch
it um uh make sure you join all my
groups right the Discord or the school
Community uh stuff like that all right
but as far as doing charity stuff you
know I would put that at uh I put that
very important you it's really important
to give back um and as you guys can see
I lead by example I'm always releasing a
ton of free content um that I could
easily charge a lot of money for uh but
you know it's part of self-improvement
right look outside of yourself right
you're not the same of the Universe um
help whoever is in need and um hopefully
they'll continue the the cycle as well
next um get a mentor I'm going to put
that at very important right very very
important depending on what your goal is
you got to find a mentor guys stop
trying to reinvent the wheel if I could
go back in time that's one of the first
things I would do um is get a mentor
right uh unfortunately my mentors were
just from books that I read right uh a
mentor doesn't have to be a person of
you they don't have to be a person that
you call on the phone it could be a
hystorical figure it could be uh someone
um you know online anyone who's where
you want to be but most importantly
who's also started from where you
started the mistake people make is the
pick mentors that are where you want to
be but those mentors did not necessarily
start where you started so they can't
relate to you and they have advantages
that uh you don't have you know and you
have disadvantages that they don't have
so you got to pay good mentors again
depending on your goal and no this is
not a Shameless plug I'm not referring
myself I'm talking about like any field
you in whether you want to be a
scientist an engineer a researcher an an
entrepreneur a fighter I don't care what
it is find a good Mentor make sure
they're not trying to scam you ideally
find someone who does it for free this
way they're doing it out of passion um
and they have no alterior motives okay
but very very important get a mentor
guys put your ego down trust me you
could learn 50 years worth of
information in a week if you meet the
right
Mentor um next uh we have college
education uh I'm going to put that I
know this is controversial I'm going to
put that
at I'm going to put that very important
for many reasons I don't want to make
this video too long but I can make
videos explaining why I believe the
college education is important uh and
it's not what you think guys it's not
because of the degree right it's mainly
because of all the other things all the
other perks which is growing your social
Network um making friends that are you
know long lasting friends high quality
friends getting out of your comfort zone
challenging your discipline I mean if I
could go back in time uh you guys know
my story I did uh three associate
degrees and two Bachelor degrees I could
go back in time I probably do 10 right
because each extra year I spent in
college I grew so much as a person it
was so hard it was the pressure was on
me I met great people and obviously I
learned a crap ton of things you know
most of my learning is have see at home
I'm
selftaught um but it it did help to have
the structure that college brings but
anyway so I'm going to put that very
important get on education um um and not
from home it has to be in person and
again I'm going to explain that why in
future videos uh learn a new language
I'm want to put that a cool story even
though it's it's good it's a good skill
to have I myself I'm learning uh Spanish
by the way I'm not sponsored by Dole um
my my my daughter put me on um I think
I'm on like streak I have a pretty good
stre going right but anyway uh learning
a new language is fine you know um but
I'm not going to put that at very
important depending on what stage of
your career you in um if you at the
higher higher higher levels yeah this is
huge but for most guys watching this
video this could wait next um let's see
meditation meditating more I'm going to
put that at uh I'm going to put that
very important right obviously um
meditation is great to lower qu so lower
stress um improve your mental health
especially if you have anxiety you guys
you guys should meditate and it does not
have to take a long time next we have
again I got to pick it at random work on
your cardio right your cardiovascular
health increasing your V2 Max I'm going
to put that at uh I'm going to put that
very important right uh I know everybody
hates cardio trust me I myself hate
cardio but um it it's it's too important
these days mainly because before covid
it wasn't a big deal but after Co people
have become so used to being sedentary
that almost everyone I speak to most of
my clients um with some exceptions that
have [ __ ] cardiovascular markers high
blood pressure uh High resting heart
rate um low heart rate variability blah
blah blah so I highly recommend that you
make work in your cardiovascular health
you don't have to be morat right you
don't have to be morat but try to
increase your view to Max and try to
lower your resting heart rate uh next we
have uh
let's see getting rid of fake friends
man I'm going to put that at mandatory
you got to get rid of fake friends guys
and the thing with fake friends is you
don't even know they're fake right CU
they pretend like they have your good
interest at all but deep down inside
they're just don't want you to see
here's how you know when when when you
have a fake friend fake friends want you
to do well as long as you're not doing
better than them the moment you start
doing better than them they either act
funny or they try to bring you back down
right a good friend wants you to surpass
them a fake friend wants you to do good
as long as you're not doing better than
them so you got to cut those people out
how do you another way to know them is
if they see you making mistakes and they
don't say anything they're an enemy
right Napoleon said the best right he
said never interrupt your enemy when
they're making a mistake guess what fake
friends do that they see you sabotaging
yourself they see you going in the
opposite direction and that they either
stay quiet or they even encourage you
they say hey relax it's not that big of
a deal enjoy life cut them out those
Worm tongue
[ __ ] next join my school
Community very important it's free now
it's not going to be free forever but
it's free now and everyone who joins
obviously it's going to be free for the
rest of your life unless you get banned
so definitely join the school Community
I have a lot of things planned for it I
already have a lot of courses up there
once you reach level two you don't like
it again all free um so join while it's
still free uh next we have uh yeah
Shameless PL
next we have work in your health oh
she's hot as hell but yeah I'm going to
put that very important a lot of you
guys are neglecting your health you
waiting until it's too late and now you
have to go to the hospital and Get
Medicated by you know those shitty
doctors so work in your health um track
your your health markers so that's your
again your blood pressure your hand grip
strength your uh your resting heart rate
I could make a video on just what
markers to focus on right but it takes
less than five minutes a day but it's
going to do wonders for yourself so work
on your health try to win yourself not
medical advice by the way but try to win
yourself off of these crazy side effect
drugs that doctors just throw you on
that guys I'm not allowed to say this
because I get cancelled and demonetized
but actually let me not say because I'm
not trying to get my channel deleted I'm
already demonetized hell uh very few of
my videos are earning money right now
but anyway just be careful be careful
with the healthcare indry a lot of shady
people out there all they want to do is
treat the symptoms instead of the rule
causes
uh next uh trying to get a promotion at
your job cool story bro uh you know I
feel like most man not everybody can be
an appreneur but I feel like most men uh
should work on a side business a side
hustle I'm not saying you should quit
your job don't get me wrong not
everybody can be an entrepreneur and
there's a place for nine and fives as
long as you enjoy it as long as you love
it and as long as it frees up a lot of
time for you to work on your on yourself
then there's nothing wrong with having a
career right don't let all these red P
guys demonized having a 9 to5 not all 9
to FS are bad uh but trying to get a
promotion that's fine as long as you're
not you know hurting your happiness and
your um your own interest in the in the
in the process a lot of you guys kiss
ass way too much just to move
ahead next getting a weapon right I put
that at mandatory I don't understand why
this is not talked about enough right
everyone if a weapon is legal in your
country every man should have a weapon I
don't care if it's a gun I don't care if
it's a taser I don't care if bear spray
I don't care what it is every man should
be able to defend themselves without
Combat Sports every see comat spes are
important being able to fight being able
to knock somebody out being able to do
Jiu-Jitsu blah blah blah of course
that's important but you're not always
going to go up against somebody who's
weaker than you you might go against two
three four people and now your jitu
skills are trash they're useless right
that's the thing with jiu-jitsu I'm all
for learn BJJ blah blah blah what are
you gonna do against four people five
right and one of the reasons why a lot
of men have anxiety today is because you
can't defend yourself do do you
understand how hard it is to be
confident when you walk in a busy area
in a busy street or in the subway when
you know that at any moment somebody
could [ __ ] your [ __ ] up come on guys so
how do you expect to have high
confidence if you always you look like
prey you're defenseless so not only you
should learn to fight but everyone
should have some kind of weapon pick a
weapon that's legal in your country of
course right I don't care what it is I
don't care if it's brass knuckles I
don't care if it's a a switchblade
have means of Defending yourself because
society's getting crazy uh next oh
forgiveness forgiveness man the [ __ ] out
of here I I I hate that so much right oh
guys toxic people should be caught up
from your life I hate the whole forgive
forgive forgive yeah I'm not don't
obviously don't let you know bitterness
and hatred eat you up but this whole
idea that if people do you dirty you're
supposed to just let them in with a with
open arms and turn the other cheek turn
these nuts right do not I repeat do not
let toxic people stay in your life you
want to forgive them that's fine but
just cut them off right forgive but
don't forget right so get this out of
here I don't believe in turning your
other cheek I believe in Vengeance I
believe in leveling up and using success
as the best method of avenging those who
doubt to you those who did you wrong
okay uh but don't keep toxic I don't
care if it's friends or family members
do not keep toxic people in your life
because you're trying to be a good Samar
or Mr forgiveness get out of here next
we have uh reducing stress obviously
very important but mainly chronic stress
right try to reduce chronic stress not
acute stress acute stress is good for
you but chronic stress is obviously
terrible for you so do whatever it takes
to reduce stress um work in a trade job
you know so I'm going to put that
at ah it really depends it really
depends on your financial situation
right cuz college is not for everybody
I'm going to put that right next to the
College part right cuz uh same
explanation as College if you don't want
to go to college or you don't want to
take a lot of debt get a trade job they
pay a lot of money and if you pick one
where you're going to be surrounded by
other hardworking men believe it or not
it's actually a net positive next we
have uh running more right and I'm not
talking about just sprinting only you
could Sprint you could do one mile runs
whatever I think that's
something um I'm going to put that very
important I think that's something that
men should add
uh because we too sedentary these days
all right and I'm not even a big fan of
cardio but I feel like everyone should
work on their cardiovascular health and
running is also going to toughen you the
[ __ ] up right it's really going to
increase your mental tenacity it's going
to increase your resilience and if you
have ADHD then running is is a God's end
um I could make a whole video on all the
health benefits and cognitive benefits
of running uh next um we have uh fixing
your Pawn addiction obviously I'm going
to put that up very important watch my
video on how to fix porn addiction and
know it's not about doing nor F or semen
retention all that nonsense watch my
video on how to actually deal with porn
addiction uh next we have eating better
oh almost everyone has this goal on
their list right I'm going to put that
at
mandatory right everyone eats like trash
even people who think they eat healthy
eat like trash guys eating your diet
plays a role on everything you could
think about your hormone levels so
obviously your testosterone and that
Androgen status your energy levels your
dopamine levels your gut health um your
stress levels everything can be traced
back to your diet right so you really
got to dial in um your diet follow the
testosterone diet Shameless plug
Shameless plug where's my [ __ ] book
where is there it is right mandatory
right buy my books buy my testone diet
book and buy my hped training book right
I did all the work for you all the
research and if you can't afford it
that's fine I still give out that
information for free in my communities
right so join him as well um but yeah
definitely work on your diet next no F
get the [ __ ] out of here I can't stand
this movement no FS man retention I
already made too many videos debunking
these uh these guys so watch my videos
or read my Instagram posts where I
debunk this whole movement with a ton of
studies the studies that they themselves
try to use uh when really if you read
the studies they go against exactly what
they say so yes the only thing me and
noap having
common um is obviously that pawn
addiction is an issue right um but after
that that's it they go left I go right
uh PA addiction like I always say it's
not the issue it's
a symptom always remember that it is a
symptom of the issue so if you're trying
to fix porn addiction itself you are
wasting your time you're going to have
streaks you're going to fail you're
going to repeat and you're going to be
stuck in his endless cycle of
addiction uh retention fail start over
blah blah blah right anyway watch my
videos for more
detail um let's see what's next
uh H have kids all right if one of your
goals this year is to have kids I'm
going to put that at oh guys I'm GNA get
a lot of hate for this but waste of time
I think you guys should wait I think
it's too early I think most people are
having kids too early guys it's not back
in the days where we died at age 25 30
35 whatever right most men should wait
to have kids don't be in a rush trust me
I know from experience don't be in the
rush to have kids there's a lot of
positives that come with kids but there
is a ton of negatives right depending of
depending on which stage of your life
you're in right if you financially
stable if you have your [ __ ] together
you work on your mental health your
traumas great go have kids but for most
of you [ __ ] out there wait
don't have a kid when you still one
yourself uh next what's this oh yeah
finding your achy guy finding your your
purpose in life finding your mission in
life right again long story short if you
guys
simply the problem you can solve that
checks all of these boxes which is one
you're passionate about solving that
problem two you're good at solving that
problem three you uh wait am I telling
you guys I think I should make a video
because I want to tell you guys my
version of the guys supposed the
original version but back to the
original version the original version is
solve a problem that you love to solve
you're good at solving that people need
and that you can get paid for um but I
have an updated version that's even more
uh specific but anyway long story short
I'm going to put this in God here I
cannot stress this enough if you're a
man and you walking around without
knowing you're iy guy without knowing
your purpose your mission in life you
are wasting so much time and you setting
yourself up for depression
procrastination laziness confusion I can
go on and on right this should be your
number one goal this this goal should
have been set three weeks ago right that
is the number one thing you should focus
on find your guy you can find in less
than a week if you just sit down and ask
yourself the right questions um next we
have
uh um saving more yeah yeah cool story
right right
now I'm I'm putting that cool story as
much as everyone tells you save save
save yeah it depends right it depends
because sometimes depending on your uh
financial situation you should be
aggressive with spending what changes is
what you spend your money on right you
should spend your money on things that
are going to make you better and smarter
you should be aggressive when it comes
to that um but if you're referring to
people who just spend money on BS then
obviously yeah you should save more uh
next travel the world more again this
one highly depends on your your stage in
your hero's journey right what level are
you in the RPG of your life right you
being a main character this highly
depends if you're still trying to find
yourself and you stood broke whatever I
would not recommend uh traveling more
right right now I would recommend going
balls deep on finding your ay guy and
making money getting in shape um
increasing your Triple S score so I'm
going to put that a cool story bro as
much as I love traveling I cannot put
that very important mainly because it's
only important when you already have a
lot of stuff uh in order in your
life next reading more I'm going to put
that at mandatory you [ __ ] don't read
enough guys you have to read right right
all of my wisdom all of my knowledge has
been accumulated through pain suffering
and obviously reading I just I read all
the time I'm always learning always
soaking up information and believe it or
not I actually hate reading people think
I like reading I hate reading I do it
because it works it works knowledge is
power so definitely make that one of
your goals uh watch my old videos on a
day in a life daily routine from years
ago where I explain my process uh but
yeah next we have uh yeah join my
private training communities I'm going
to put that very important the [ __ ]
streamless streamless plug right join my
private training group it's very
affordable uh there's three different
tiers we work out together we talk about
everything it's high quality uh
conversations because obviously people
the people who are there are paying so
no one is trolling um click the link in
the description check it out uh we're
going to have a great time we compete
for everything we compete for daily
steps we all try to get 10,000 steps a
day we compete uh I'm working on a lot
of projects where going to compete on
exercise strength standards blah blah
blah it's going to be epic guys so join
join join and we running um the program
every four weeks so next we have social
media
addiction if your goal is to quit your
social media addiction I'm going to put
that at very important obviously right
because man social media
is it's a double F sword right it can
inspire you it can motivate you uh but
it's also huge huge um
gateway to just every addiction you
could think about right um not to
mention that again it makes
procrastination worse so definitely uh
definitely going to put that up there uh
next drink more water I'm going to put
that very important you most of you guys
excuse me most of you guys don't drink
enough
water next getting more sunlight again
very important not only you need morning
sunlight but you guys are so deficient
in vitamin D so get more sunlight and
obviously supplement with vitamin D now
medical advice if you are deficient
right uh next we have uh spending more
time with your family of course I'm
going to put that at very important I'm
guilty of that myself I work so much
Monday through Sunday uh that I tend to
let a lot of precious moments when my
family fly by so that's definitely
something that I've been struggling with
for years but uh don't make that mistake
guys enjoy your fam try to spend more
time with
them uh what's next what's next getting
a dog W as much as I love dogs I'm going
to put that at
actually man it it sucks to put this in
cool story but I got to be objective
I'mma put that cool story right the
benefit is obviously dogs are great dogs
are epic and you also going to get a lot
more steps because you guys struggle
with getting you 10,000 steps today uh
but I can't put I can't put it up there
I can't put it up there because it's
just those things are way more
important uh next we have uh working on
your sleep working on your sleep that is
obviously mandatory most of you guys not
only you don't sleep enough but your
sleep quality is garbage so definitely
mandatory next starting your own
business I'm going to put that at very
important again again disclaimer not
everybody is made to be a businessman
not everybody is made to be an
entrepreneur but I believe that if you
have the skills for it and you have the
the ability to passion and connections
everyone should start a small project on
the site right especially if you man
right you're going to learn so much not
only eventually it's going to be a a
gateway to retiring early whatever but
it's going to bring out the best in you
guys you're going to have to work on
almost every skill you could think about
so I think most men should start a small
business nothing big it doesn't have to
be a crazy six figure business no no no
just start something small on the side
um and trust me it's going to pay
dividends uh no pun intended uh next we
have uh have more sex of course right
I'm going to put that very important
right I'm tired of people demonizing sex
sex is great guys great for your health
great for your testosterone watch my
post on that watch the videos look up
the science on it sex is amazing you
guys know if you watch my my videos
clapping Cheeks is everything so
definitely obviously have protect the
sex and try not to have kids unless you
ready right try not to have kids too
early don't make a mistake I made right
I was clapping way too many cheeks and I
end up having a kid at 23 which derailed
my whole freaking life but hey I
wouldn't change it for the world right
love my kids um um next budgeting
obviously I'm going to put that at very
important that's just goes without
saying right especially whether you
broke or not you got your budget nowh
your money is going right start each
month with a goal I'm going to spend X
on food X on this X on
that uh next we have boosting
testosterone you guys already know
that's going in god tier it's going in
god tier it's not even close right
there's a reason why I won't shut up
about testosterone it people think
testosterone is overrated it is
underrated even with all of the
information that's out there about
testosterone it is still so underrated
people think they know what testosterone
does trust me they don't and I know I've
been studying for over two decades it is
still an under underrated hormone right
maximize the enogen receptor signaling
right so increase your tassone increase
your DHT uh increase your Androgen
receptor uh sensitivity and density
lower your cortisol right remember like
I always say it's not just testosterone
it's your net Androgen status it is all
your androgens that obviously have to go
up and try to lower your anti- androgens
right the things that uh uh that
counteract the effects of Androgen so
try to lower your practin try to lower
your estrad if it's too high try to
lower your hbg blah blah blah blah blah
uh but yeah that's definitely got to
here next we have uh ah here we go find
God religion all that stuff believe it
or not I'm not going to put that waste
of time as much as I like to trash on
religion I'm going to put that
at I'm going to put that at cool story
cool story because depends on religion
it depends on religion it depends on the
denomination within that religion people
say fine God which God
right Islam Christianity is it going to
be Allah Yahweh Jesus right Odin Zeus
Thor it's crazy how arrogant religious
people are right everyone thinks they
illusion is is the right one right and
no matter what you tell them they'll
dismiss the stuff you tell them and
they'll use confirmation bias to spam
whatever uh makes them right so don't
even get me started you guys know how to
feel about religion now again this is
not refering turn to spirituality if you
spiritual then shake my hand love it I
love spiritual people but when it comes
to organized religion miss me with that
BS um so cool story it could go higher
depending on um what I just explained uh
try to get more steps wait didn't I do
this already no I I didn't do yeah try
to get at least 10,000 steps a day I'm
going to put that at very important in
fact if you
join um if you join the private group
uh we are actually doing a competition I
think I mentioned that already where we
trying to get 10,000 steps a day so we
have a leaderboard it is fun it is epic
um we got guys in that group who are
monsters right they get like 15,000
20,000 um very fun very fun but
definitely try to get you 10,000 steps a
day uh for many reasons uh I'm not going
to if you need to know why then that's
crazy cognitive function testosterone
levels uh fat loss I could go on and on
next building an aesthetic physique
getting Jack building muscle obviously
I'm going to put that at very important
I'm not going to put that mandatory and
I can't explain why in future videos but
I'm going to put that very important try
to build muscle get stronger um buying a
car that's one of your goals ah I'm
going to put that a cool story right it
really depends it really depends because
sometimes believe it or not it's better
just stick a uber um you don't have to
worry about parking you don't have to
worry about uh maintenance and and a
whole bunch of stuff right so I'm going
to put that cool story because it highly
depends uh you know if you live in a in
a busy city where it's almost impossible
to find parking man you spending so much
on gas you wasting so much time trying
to find parking you are I could go on
and on but if you live in a you know uh
you know decent area where you know
there's not not a lot of public
transportation or uh or U jacking up
prices then yeah you might need a car so
it really depends right I'm not going to
generalize
um sorry I'm not going to be dogmatic
about this one next uh wait I think I
used something
twice oh yeah no this one was cutting
drug addiction this one was cutting
smoke yeah yeah quitting smoking so if
you smoke weed obviously come on guys
I'm going to put that at very important
I'm not going to put in mandatory
because it depends some people need it
for medicinal reasons but everyone uses
that excuse so I'm going to put that
very important right because the to me
the cons of weed out weigh the pros
right trust me I know
uh next we have making actually wait oh
yeah quitting alcohol obviously I going
to put that mandatory are you kidding me
you got to quit alcohol guys it it's
screwing you in so many different levels
uh it's not worth
it next we have learning more skills
obviously very important right as a man
you should always try to increase your
skill set as long as you're picking
skills that are related to your a guy
next we have oh [ __ ] oh [ __ ] shamess
pluck again get my coaching I'm I'm
going to put that very important right
get my coaching get my coaching it's
affordable there's tiers for everybody
there's gold tier there's uh Diamond
tier silver tier whatever very
affordable get my one-on-one coaching uh
you won't regret it and I help you with
everything blood work workout fat loss
nutrition your genetics nobody else does
that uh next we have oh wait wait which
one
was I think I forgot some
oh no no no I didn't okay this one is
getting uh guys I'm just going off
memory here this one is getting a
girlfriend getting a girlfriend or booty
call whatever I'm GNA put that at damn
it damn it I'm G to put that very
important I'm G to tell you why I'm G
put that very important because even
though I'm you guys know my stance on
monogamy I feel like men are not mon
well I don't feel I know men are not
monogamist U but I believe monogamy is
important when trying to raise children
that's where I draw the line right if
you're trying to raise children monogamy
is the best way even though it's against
our nature but as far as getting a
girlfriend booty call whatever the
reason I put that very important is
because it's going to keep you on your
toes it's going to make you focus on
self-improvement um it's going to keep
you accountable obviously a lot of you
guys are lazy and you fall into por
addiction and and just wake up and spend
all day on the bed whatever because
again you have there's no fire in your
ass right you're not competing you're
not you know trying to make sure that
you always ready in case the uh uh in
case she wants something you know uh I'm
laughing cuz this I have to make a whole
video on that but yeah trust me this
benefits to having a booty call a
partner or just you know somebody to
Drain Your
Balls next oh okay the last three
learning to fight I'm going to put that
mandatory there's there's no there's no
yeah I mean do I have to explain you got
to learn to fight if you're a man you
have to learn to fight you don't have a
choice right watch my videos on my post
on the biology of men right remember
testosterone is the hormone that serves
two functions it's the hormone of sex
and it's the hormone of War right men
are built for fighting in fact I have a
whole course that I'm working on that by
the way join the school Community if you
haven't because that's where it's going
to uh be released uh but men are built
for fighting every part of our
psychology Neuroscience physiology is it
really improves the better uh of a
fighter you become because your cardio
is going to improve your strength is
going to improve your muscle mass is
going to improve in order to be a good
fighter you have to increase all those
stats so uh you're going to be
surrounded by competition all the time I
could go on and on right you have to
learn to fight not to mention if you
have anxiety and you can't fight what
the hell are you doing if you already
have anxiety I don't care if it's
genetic or if it's
environmental and you can't you just
making your anxiety worse right so you
know you know I think I should make a
whole video on this but anyway next
getting a training partner I'm going to
put that at very important guys I'm
going to put that very important you got
to get a training partner um I made the
best games of my life back in my
bodybuilding days when I was training
with Marco and Matt lazy line and hanza
and all those guys that's what I made
the best games of my life because
Partners hold you accountable you get
that tassone boost from motivation from
the the competition I could go on and on
having a training partner is I feel like
it's one of the most underrated things
in your fitness journey now of course do
you need one nah you know I've been
training by myself for the last several
years but I'd be lying if I told you
that it's night in day compared to when
I have training Partners you know we
constantly push each other in fact if
you join the private training group uh
that's one of the competition that we
have we compete like I said for steps we
compete for training you know with
exercises PRS get you a training partner
guys join my groups either the free one
or the paid one doesn't matter and hook
up you know find a rival find somebody
who's going to push right find uh uh
find your Vegeta if you Goku all right
next we have oh [ __ ] we almost done last
but not least we have and that's similar
to this one friends having a community
of friends um I'm going to put that at
god tier yes shockingly this one is so
underrated especially in this generation
guys men evolved as hunter gatherers we
evolved to hunt we did not evolve to be
alone in fact remember I told you
earlier that one of the reasons why um
when I say that porn addiction is not
the issue it's the symptom of a bigger
issue that's one of those issues that
leads to porn addiction most hunter
gatherers don't have time for porn why
they're always surrounded by their
friends they're not alone right they're
hunting they're Gathering they're
fighting they're wrestling you know
they're going to war they don't have
time at night they're sleeping next to
their homies no ddy right so guys have a
community of friends not just online but
in person trust me the benefits are
endless in fact I'm going to make a
whole video dedicated to this all right
guys hope that helps I wish you guys a
Happy New Year
