all right guys what's going on Megan
here as you all know the hobit is coming
out team 3D biggest Lord of the Ring
fans ever you guys know what we all
always do before Lo ring when we come
out look was there what's up guys what's
going on lazy Lon we watching we're
watching Fellowship of the Ring tonight
Fellowship of the Ring tonight we're
going to do a marathon once again last
time they were like oh my God you guys
always watch lot of rings it will never
end guys we we we constantly inspired by
watching it we keep learning new things
every time we watch it I just love it
but we're going to watch for the ring
tonight the second one tomorrow the
third one after tomorrow and then
Wednesday the hobit Thursday is The
Hobbit then Friday you guys is when this
second Hobbit movie com out desolation
of SM hell yeah but guys look at mad
look how huge mad guy guys look at the
last every say oh mad doesn't have L he
doesn't have lats this is the first time
I've ever had a little bit little little
lats it's coming out you guys see you
see this they're there they're there
turn around turn around go to the
lighting go to the lighting check them
see it good lighting of the god right oh
man is trash Oh Come turn around oh [ __ ]
turn around turn around God damn you got
to see this after I'm done recording oh
it's ridiculous so I finally figured out
how to stimulate my lats you guys it
took me literally over a year to figure
it out but they're starting to come in
[ __ ] Jack man move your head to one
side all right turn it
around around move your head to the side
like hold it up or something so they can
see look at the progress guys this is
skinny ass M for the new Subs I'm going
to try to put like on the left cor of
the video where Matt started off then
I'm going to put the way the way he
looked when he was doing that video with
no shirt on oh that
was I can't believe you look at this I
was like 115 lbs at that time and guys I
know what you're going to say how much
you weigh now Mt I got up to 140 a
couple months ago but I've never hit
that I'm about 135 actually lost a
little bit of weight but I lost some fat
and I gained I think a little bit of Y
he's gained musle and lost fat like we
keep telling you guys if the moment you
think it's impossible you would never do
it he he's look he got obviously bigger
look at this and he's not pumped he's
not pumped this is this is this is cold
mat in fact we're we're sitting down
watching rings I want to get pumped we
sitting down and I was like dude let's
make a video real quick look at this
guys so let that serve as motivation for
you skinny guys out there it's
motivation for me guys cuz every time I
see him he looks Bigg and I look smaller
so guys keep dominating and we going in
and finish load R anything else you want
to say no that's it actually Jonathan
you're the reason you and Hanzo are the
guys that started motivating me these
guys are so much bigger than me it's
unbelievable how much you weigh now 200
I'm 20 202 now
I'm like still no but you you define man
look at that I just got a big ass gun
I'm trying to get shredded guys I want
to be sculpted like the Greek guys you
know what I mean just sculpt it like
someone took a chisel and just yep and
and by the way guys about the videos
relax it's we we both in school exam
coming up know how much work is going on
yep it's crazy it's hectic so stay tuned
I have so many videos I just need to go
home for Christmas break guys and I will
upload them I'll upload them I have so
many Clips I have the clips and all the
new Subs please flag to his channel and
see his progress It's going to serve as
inspiration I'm going to try to put as
many links as possible to in fact I have
a whole matap playlist go check it out
guys you can see the transformation he
made defying the odds let's go man J oh
really oh did you do look at his pajama
fants guys I show up and wearing pajamas
oh yeah of course he's already wearing
cuz we're like brothers I think about
that
oh hey guys what's up Megan here it's
about time I make this video uh I
haven't I got a lot of requests from it
since the first time I haven't mention
about the whole estrogen
thing and you guys uh keep saying well
what are the foods that lower estrogen
this and that why is been a big deal a
lot of people don't understand that uh
