all Beach all right guys I want to show
you guys how as black as Matt is look
how he eats his chicken and look how how
we eat out chicken these are mine mad
chicken mad chicken look at this godam
look at this look at this if you take
the tip of all of this guys and you add
it up it's like 40 g of protein now look
at the way I eat my
chicken finished Koo cany look at that
look at that buai G look at h of chicken
so guys comment below I want to know the
way you guys eat your chicken wings do
you give a name to that um um I don't
know normal I don't know no I I think
that these are all fat like this is just
joints and like fat at the top you guys
but you let me know you let me know I
think all the meats in the middle but
they say no they they eat everything
comment below all right we going to call
this a and this B Just A and B th up for
B up for a this I believe you should eat
chicken and I want to know you guys he
just watch the M look at this [ __ ] you
skin it you chill I want to know what
you guys think think about sauce do you
guys get just a normal amount of sauce
do you like extra sauce on your chickens
I prefer extra sauce
personally so let us know no they can't
even see me yeah my face is off mouth my
face is all [ __ ] because black as
whatever M all right guys comment below
all right all right
peace
uh by the way H's [ __ ] M I got to
make a video showing you guys what H
looks like he's 235 lbs now big as [ __ ]
oh that goes mine that's why I I finish
that [ __ ] yesterday right this [ __ ]
right there I don't know if you're k
your Walmart has it but guys check it
out it's only you can backload with this
like a [ __ ] not only sweet as
[ __ ]
