hey guys what's up Megan here heading to
the gym just want to make a quick
reminder video um protein every two to
three hours I used to be a big hater on
that whole you know OT 23 hour thing but
you guys know me I like to keep an up in
mind I like to try new things out and if
you've been following me for a long time
you know that I tried all kinds of D I
tried all different types of methods to
see what works what doesn't work and I'm
very organized guy I have like my log my
fitness spad all that [ __ ] and I track
my my progress not just on the weight I
mean the the scale but also on like you
know in the mirror and I will not lie to
you guys you guys know I have nothing to
sell to you I'm giving I'm just making
you guys learn from my Mystics and my
experience I used to talk [ __ ] on the
whole e prot 3 hour thing until I
started until I tried it for myself and
saw rapid the word rapid is not even
like close the rapid gains I'm talking
insane games because it's always hanging
out with with big dudes you know like
you guys saw a lot of a lot of my
friends are big as [ __ ]
and um or they got big as Fu they should
be skinny and I ask them like yo man
like like what do you do differently cuz
you guys know I like doing that whole sh
like home [ __ ] asking questions and the
one thing that all had in common was
they ate protein every 2 three hours
whether you know whether it was um um
protein shake or whatever so months ago
I I started doing that you know before I
was eating like 60 grams of protein a
day minimum and I was like let me try it
out and every time I did it cuz I tried
it once I made gains then I stopped cuz
I figured oh maybe it's because uh I
started doing full body workouts so I
stopped doing the protein every 3 hour
thing and my gain Plateau then I went
right back on it and boom you know and
I'm I'm not talking about uh just uh
like increasing my macros my macros were
always the same every time I test two
phases of of nutrition I keep my macros
the same because if you change your if
you change your I mean My overall
calories if you change your Macros then
you know you can't really tell if it's
the protein or the carb so I make sure I
kept everything the same and I just ate
my protein more frequently so before
instead of eating my three big ass meals
or my two big meals you know whatever I
be to eat you know small portions of my
protein with my cars whatever or my
fiber every 2 three hours and boy man
and I'm still making gains I'm growing
in strength I'm growing in in uh you
know muscle sizewise so guys it's not
just that's the one thing that I'm not
going to you will rarely hear me say
that magazines are correct cuz I know
they're full of [ __ ] but that's the
one thing that magazines talk about
that's actually true and that's the one
thing that science talks about that's
actually true is e at least 20 grams of
protein every 3 hours is greatly
anabolic I mean it's it's common sense
so if you think about it just on a
biological level forget bodybuilding
biologically every time you you you
ingest protein right your body goes you
know protein centesis begins every time
you eat protein your every time it goes
in your blood your body starts um pro
protein synthesis and we all know that's
what builds muscle so it will make sense
that you know and also another thing is
if you eat a lot of protein and protein
synesis kicks in let's say you eat like
a huge amount of protein and and it
kicks in uh after a while it you know it
goes down it doesn't matter how much
protein you still have put begins to go
down that's proven so it makes sense
that every time you you know throw in a
little bit of protein you you allowing
your body to restart the process almost
endlessly you know and I us to hear body
builders talk about that all the time
you know like even proci to be like hey
just eat protein every two three hours
it makes you big but they don't really
understand the science behind it and you
know now it's being backed up you know
not just by science it's the one thing
that science and Bro Science agree on
eating protein every two three hours you
know what cause obviously you know helps
you increase increase size and guys like
I said every time I make a mistake I
tell you guys the mistake that I made
before months past was that I was
[ __ ] around I would eat protein and
weigh 4 hours 6 hours sometimes now buy
you one of them [ __ ] I made a video
about this buy you one of these right
it's the ones that have like the the
compartments and [ __ ] so if you like me
and you go to work or school get your P
Shake then put like two scoops it has
two
2 hours later 3 hours later just you
should have your water bottle with you
anyway pour that [ __ ] in and you know
take a scoop when you get home I really
believe in eating you know quality s of
protein from animals and [ __ ] like that
but hey if you at school or work and you
don't got time to to to cook every
morning or or some days you just miss a
meal buy one of these [ __ ] man put
your proty Shick in there and um and
just get that [ __ ] frequently you know
it's very very very important to have
that positive nitrogen balance you know
the moment the moment and the thing is
people forget I mentioned in the other
video people forget that when you
uh when you eat protein your body breaks
it down to nitrogen and uses it to build
muscle when your body also releases
nitrogen through other means you know
like when you sweat when you take a [ __ ]
when you pissed your body loses nitrogen
also so you want to keep that balance
you want to keep the intake higher than
the outtake so guys if there's one thing
I know it sounds simple as [ __ ] it's
like oh you know oh we heard it a
million times but here Megan is telling
you you guys know I don't [ __ ] around
with my [ __ ] body you know I don't
[ __ ] around with research I like knowing
the truth to the point that I I
experience it on my own body I make
myself a guinea pig so if I tell you
look man I try it out and it works I
have no reason to allow to you if you
don't believe me start increasing your
protein frequency right like I said I I
don't go above 20 26 grams right I don't
goove 20 26 grams I keep my meal small
so it keeps me full and I just keep
eating you know anything with protein
every every two three hours and I'm
getting gained strengthwise you guys saw
my strength just shot off the roof with
my squats and things like that my
muscles are you know starting to grow
they're looking Fuller and stuff like
that and um I'm going keep on doing that
[ __ ] till it fails me you know and like
I said a lot of people I see in the gym
they look the same way year in year out
why you know and they see me Matt
Muhammad all these guys getting games
they're like oh what are you guys doing
you guys are steroids no [ __ ]
the thing is people don't have a problem
with training people train hard as [ __ ]
you know the average person that's
skinny he trains hard it's just y'all
don't understand this nutrition [ __ ] man
y making the same mistake I made
nutrition is 99.9% of body building man
you know so uh try that [ __ ]
guys and um I will see see you I'm going
to gym right now wake upub keep through
the
Alp oh and remember I'm not saying that
eating that if you don't eat prot every
two three hours you're not going to make
gains I'm not saying that people make
gains doing that people in the prison
people even me I made you know my big my
my Noob gains without without doing that
[ __ ] but you will make games faster if
you day so there a big difference right
that does not mean it's the absolute way
to build muscle but it is the most
efficient and the quickest way all right
so try that if you don't believe me try
that for 3 to 4 weeks and and don't
change your Macos just start eating your
prot frequently and message me back and
let me know how that goes for you all
right guys just try to H team do the
alpha thumb up the video if you did
[Music]
