then don't you dare compare yourself to
us you are not a man your masculinity
comes out of a [ __ ] bottle you are
renting your masculinity and if your
doctor refuses to give you your dose you
are now you have to go on a bunch of
other drugs for you to reclaim your
masculinity
hey guys what's going on Megan here stop
lying to people stop lying to young men
out there right guys almost all of the
top Fitness influencers on trt almost
all of the top celebrities who achieve
these crazy Transformations all in TLT
if not more right and them being on trt
is not the issue my issue is lying to
people by either not telling them right
not telling people that they're on trt
but here's the one I hate the most is
when they actually pretend like TLT is
the same as being natural how many times
you heard Fitness influences or people
say oh uh trt puts my testosterone
levels in a natural range therefore I'm
Natty
you right and then they go out and tell
a young man that people who are not
initiated people who don't understand
how the body works and then they also
have pontiot because they're like oh
well the person I look up to said that
it's the same thing as being natural
look look at their blood work their
testosterone levels on their natural
range therefore they're Natty it is one
of the most destructive lies not only
from The Finnish Community but from some
doctors some doctors even say that oh
yeah don't worry your testosterone
levels of a natural event so you're the
same as being natural let me give you
guys five reasons why it's complete
[ __ ] and why just because the
testosterone levels are in the natural
range does not mean that they're Natty
number one
right by the way I'm gonna make a whole
separate video on this person here right
this is a trans person right she or he
you know whatever you guys want to use
it uh she went from here to you know
from this to this okay using the same
testosterone dose that the average man
takes until it's usually between 100 to
200 milligrams a week right and I'm
obviously using this you know an extreme
example here but you know she obviously
has good genetics and obviously worked
out as well right you know you're not
gonna go from this to this on just uh
trt you also gotta lift weights I could
also show you a lot of studies where
women went on trt doses right to
transition from female to male and build
muscle without working out on TLT doses
right so if TLT can do this
to a girl a woman who works out lifts
weights right and make her look better
than 99 of men out there
how can you tell me that TLT is natural
even though once again if you look at
the studies on transgender
um TLT doses again they're using 100 to
200 milligrams which are the same dose
that you know doctors prescribe to men
but the testosterone that was also in
the natural range see so when I go from
this to this
also in a natural range and so you can't
use it you can be like oh well look uh
testosterone levels are 700 pedestrian
on trt therefore I'm natural no you
[ __ ] not right testosterone trt is
enough even at between 100 or 200
depending on the personal genetics and
androgen receptive sensitivity away even
at that dose it's enough to make a woman
look like a man
it's enough to make them build muscle
it's enough to enlarge their genitals
it's enough to to make lasting changes
what do you think that's doing to guys
because if it was there's nothing a
woman can take naturally that's going to
make it look like this nothing there's
no Foods there's no there's no vegetable
she can't eat there's no protein she can
eat there's no protocol she can do
that's natural and that's gonna make her
go from this to this so if trt was
Natural Women would not be able to use
the exact same TLT Doses and transition
from female to male number two guys
trt is just low-dose steroids it's low
dose testosterone that's all it is okay
it's lodos testosterone right it's not
any different than what IBB bodybuilders
are doing the only difference is well
let me check that back the difference is
ifbb bodybuilders are taking larger
dosages right so in trt they'll
prescribe you about 100 to 200
milligrams a week depending on your
genetics and how you respond to it right
of let's say testosterone annotate or
cypionate whatever
could be gel could be injection whatever
right
a professional bodybuilder is taking the
exact same injection the only difference
is they're taking 400 500 milligrams
right so taking low-dose steroids right
which is literally an ejection of
testosterone all by gel or whatever or
even oral right taking low dose steroids
is still taking steroids right
testosterone is an anabolic steroid
right the only difference between the
GLT [ __ ] and a professional
bodybuilders is just a dose guys so you
can't take a low dose of something and
say dude you can't take guys you can't
take low dose crack and say look I'm not
a crack at this look it's a little dose
crack it's low dose heroin low-dose
something is still some I mean like how
far do you guys want to take this taking
steroids is taking stories I don't give
a [ __ ] if you took 10 milligrams per
week and obviously the other difference
is that bodybuilders are also adding a
whole bunch of compounds to the
testosterone base right so again not
only they're taking high dose
testosterone base but they're also
adding other stuff like this has some
derivatives again Dianabol aquapose uh
could be Deca right and angelone uh 19
nose could be trying could be dhg
derivatives providing Master on premium
masteron whatever
um and obviously some of them also
adding HGH whatever right so the main
difference is that bodybuilders are
taking a higher dose of the
quote-unquote toot those and then
they're also stack it in one of the
compounds but really even if they don't
check the other compounds the other
anabolic interjecting steroids a
bodybuilder can just take high dose
basic testosterone right like
testosterone suspension so once again
just because you're taking low dose of
something that does not mean that you're
not [ __ ] on steroids low dose crack
is still crack next the third reason why
just because the testosterone levels are
in a normal range it makes them natural
is once again I've mentioned that is
several videos and now natural person's
testosterone levels are constantly
fluctuating I could show you my clients
blood work I could show you my own blood
work you could take you can have your
testosterone measure in the morning it
would be let's say 700 nanogram per
deciliter you get measured again in the
afternoon it could drop down to 500 you
could [ __ ] drink some alcohol it'll
drop down to 100 you could have one
night to pull asleep it'll be 200. I
testosterone levels as Naturals are
always fluctuating
right so just because the natural says
oh my levels are 700 that doesn't mean
these level is going to be 700 an hour
later whereas if you on trt you have
constantly elevated total testosterone
levels until your next ejection of
course whether you inject them once a
week or three times a week whatever
right based on based on injection
frequency they have counselors so so
there's 700 will be 700 in the morning
eight hours later it'll probably still
be around 700 or 650 whatever depending
on what they're doing or how the bodies
metabolizing it all right and look up
until the next ejection in a steady they
use 200 milligrams you know once a week
right but some people do it every other
day or you know some even exaggerate and
do it every day right but look the
testosterone level will stay elevated
all the way onto the next ejection same
thing as the DHT levels same thing as
their value availability same thing as
their free testosterone which I'm going
to get to in a minute so just because on
TLT your testosterone levels are 700 or
800 which is within the normal range
that does not mean you're natural [ __ ]
because daddy is in a constant roller
coaster so our 700 in the morning it's
not even going to be 700 five hours
later or depending on what we do or you
know how crazy our workout is or what we
eat or what we drink or or whatever next
people on trt can have the exact same
total testosterone levels as an addy
let's use 700 as an example right but
have significantly Higher free
testosterone levels again I see this all
the time with my clients let's keep in
mind guys I have clients on trt I have
clients with anati right and you can
also look at the studies [ __ ] my clients
look at the studies if you don't believe
me because TLT tends to lower sex or
mobile in globulin so they end up with a
lot more free testosterone given the
same amount of total testosterone so a
person so again I'm showing you guys the
example here right a personal trt can
have 700 per deciliter total T but
because the ssbg is so low the free
testosterone is usually around 200
sometimes even 300 I've seen clients
that have 300 picogram per milliliter
free testosterone meanwhile the total
testosterone is between 6 600 to 800
which is in a natural range
right because the ssvg is so low from
The Chronic injection of testosterone
and also testosterone defects on high
gf1 and blah blah which I get I get to
in a different video right but you can
see here look a person on trt can have
700 nanograms of deciliter of Total Tea
but the free testosterone on average
tends to be around 200 to 40 sometimes
300 and then they say oh look see look
my total testosterone is in a normal
range but they don't [ __ ] show you
the free testosterone levels meanwhile
the average Natty is going to have free
testosterone levels even if he has 700
nanogram that's your total T his free
testosterone based on his ssbg
is usually around 140 to 150 which is
[ __ ] right and if you have highest hbgo
you [ __ ] right because in that case
you're around probably 70 60 right and
even if fnati does everything in his
power to make sure that his ssbg is
extremely low he'll be lucky to have
free testosterone levels around 200 to
215. and I see this all the time when I
look at blood work and remember free
testosterone is what matters I've made
so many so many videos about that and I
could make more right because that's
like saying oh look there's a Superman
in this universe fighting against this
other Superman but one Superman has
Kryptonite around him
and and imagine me saying oh look look
they're both Superman they both have
super powers right the outcome should be
the same there should both be equal [ __ ]
no the other guy is surrounded by
kryptonite that's the Natty most of our
testosterone is bound to shpg we can't
use it effectively now of course there
are some exceptions but again I don't
make the video too long so you can't
compare the two and the fifth and final
reason
because I can make another top five guys
I can give you endless regions but the
fifth and final reason why just because
the levels are in the natural range does
not mean they're natural it's because of
this guys look at all the things
Naturals have to do to maintain constant
or high testosterone levels right we
have to manage our sleep one not a bad
sleep testosterone levels get crushed by
50 or more we could go from from 700
nanogram per deciliter to 300 if not
worse from just one night of bad sleep
we have to eat antioxidants all the
[ __ ] time because our balls are
constantly being bombarded by free
radicals and oxidative stress you name
it we have to make sure we're eating
enough calories not too low not so high
we have to manage our protein intake how
much carbs we're getting through our
hydration status vitamins and minerals
we have to manage almost 30
micronutrients vitamin A or the B
vitamins vitamin C vitamin D vitamin E
vitamin K K1 K2 zinc magnesium
phosphorus a potassium a magnesium a
choline a copper iron a selenium I could
go on and on when I'm working with
clients I have to look at all of these
factors to make sure that they have
optimal testosterone levels we have to
manage our omega-3 intake omega-3 to
omega-6 ratio making sure we're getting
enough fatty fish making sure we're
getting enough eggs enough saturated fat
enough cholesterol we have to manage
stress the moment I stress levels go up
at testosterone levels get crushed that
includes training stress that includes
life stress mental stress homework
projects we have to manage training if
we train too little testosterone levels
go down if we train too much
testosterone levels go down we have to
walk daily and try not to be sedentary
we have to make sure that we're not too
fat we can't bulk for too long we also
got to make sure that we're not too lean
we try to chase the six-pack dream
testosterone levels get [ __ ] crushed
by up to 90 percent right so we can be
too lean too shredded we can't be too
bulky these are all the things a natural
person has to do and then look at the
things that are outside of our control
somewhat outside of our control plastic
bpas and BPS and all that stuff we have
to deal with the [ __ ] toxins in the
environment in our showers all the
[ __ ] chlorine in the water whereas
the fluoride in our toothpaste and look
at the worst one we can't even get sick
the moment we get sick our testosterone
levels drops from 50 to 70 percent
minimum
meanwhile what does the personal trt
have to do
a [ __ ] injection how can you compare
somebody who just injects something in
order to have let's say 700 nanogram per
deciliter total t
compared to a natural that has to do all
of these things just to have an average
amount of testosterone levels we are not
the same don't ever make that [ __ ]
comparison that's why I have so much
respect for Naturals so once again if
people want to hop on TLT I don't care
what the reason is medical reasons
whatever good for you but don't you ever
compare yourself to a [ __ ] natural or
have to nurse who to try to compete with
us and say oh look well I'm natural too
you should be able to do what I do [ __ ]
off if you are trt your masculinity
comes out of a [ __ ] bottle so I don't
want to [ __ ] hear it right now again
I made videos explaining the exemptions
right there are some people who I won't
judge if they're going tlg and no I'm
not sure my [ __ ] age no age is not a
reason to go in trt I can make a whole
separate video about that
if you're on trt because of
testicular cancer you lost your [ __ ]
balls
are you a burn victim you stuck in a bad
I see you you can't move you have cancer
some crazy [ __ ] or you have some genetic
[ __ ] I don't know some tumor in your
brain something that makes it so that
you cannot under any circumstance make
testosterone then by all means who am I
to judge you but if you hopped on trt
because you lazy as [ __ ] you refuse to
[ __ ] put in the work and you decided
to take the easy way out you refuse to
manage your lifestyle and your training
whatever then don't you dare compare
yourself to us you are not a man your
masculinity comes out of a [ __ ]
bottle you are ranting your masculinity
and if your doctor refuses to give you
your dose you are [ __ ] now you have to
go on a bunch of other drugs for you to
reclaim your masculinity that's why your
balls shrank when you're on trt even
nature is saying [ __ ] off evolution is
saying [ __ ] off you lose your fertility
until you go on other drugs like HCG or
whatever to try to get it back but
anyway I'm going off the top of here
those are the five reasons why TLT is
not natural even if the total
testosterone levels are in a normal
range all right guys I'm out of here all
right guys don't forget to like or share
the video subscribe and hit Bell and buy
my HSB nucleus of a little training
program she ultimate program for maximum
muscle growth it includes full body
workout splits bro splits push-pull home
workouts you name it also comes with a
complete guide for macros nutrition fat
loss muscle growth hormones including a
meal plan it's pretty much all my 16
years of experience condensed into one
[ __ ] book you're also going to get
free copies of any future Edition so
visit team3dalpha.com and you can use
the 40 off coupon code nucleus of the
Lord or you could just buy the share
full price all right guys I'm out of
here
