hey what's going on Megan here I am so
mad I just recorded a 30 minute video
and forgot to press record that's what
happens when you take a long break you
get a little rusty uh but yeah
unfortunately this one is going to be
short because I'm not doing 30 minutes
again all right so answering all of your
questions about carbohydrates
testosterone and building muscle all
right so let's see first let's look at
the quiz so here's the table of contents
right I'm gonna give you guys the
correct answer to the quiz I'm gonna
go down the comment section and answer
some of the frequently asked questions
and I'm going to give you guys the
reason why this is a
the correct answer right so if you want
the sciencey nerdy details stay until
the end if you just want the questions
answered then it's going to be the
earlier part of the video all right glad
to be back let's go testosterone true or
false quiz eating more carbs can
increase testosterone levels uh if you
keep fats and calories equal obviously
the correct answer is true so 73 of you
guys got this correctly 27 got this
wrong and like I said I'm going to
explain at the end of the video why
carbs increase uh testosterone not just
testosterone levels but net Androgen
status which is really what matters all
right let's go uh Goku's always right I
need to identify me again it was best
Michaels play football game best macros
play football King uh that really
depends on the individual right I don't
like uh giving general answers uh when
you're dealing with individual people
because it depends on your lifestyle
depends on your stress levels depends on
your body composition it depends on your
training status it depends on so many
things but generally
um if you're bulking keep in mind that
you need less protein when you blockage
unicorn Surplus so let's say your
protein is going to be converted to
glucose let's say your protein is going
to be broken down for glucose so when
you're bulking you need less protein
with a higher emphasis on obviously
carbohydrates and fats
obviously if it was shitty appetite you
might want to increase fats you know a
bit more because they're more
calorically dense but so I would say
somebody who's barking protein instead
of one gram per pound of body weight
obviously lean body weight whenever I
say one gram per pound of body weight
I'm usually referring to lean body
weight or gold body weight because again
if you weigh 400 pounds and you're fat
[ __ ] you obviously don't need 400 grams
of protein
you know but um so when you're bulking
you could bring the protein down to 0.7
uh grams per pound of body weight
or even lean body weight again uh but
you're going to increase your
carbohydrates your fats are your
calories are going to go up therefore
you don't have to worry about uh you
know
catalyzing your protein so I would say
somebody was bulking you definitely want
and again I'm assuming you're bulking
and you know you can clean bucking
you're also training very hard in that
case you want your carbs to be at least
40 percent of your calories and this is
at least ideally you want 50 even 60 of
your calories from carbs as far as fat
goes again anywhere from 20 you don't
want to go below 20 percent of your
calories from fats so anyway from 20 to
30 percent of your calories should be
fats to maintain ideal hormone levels
ideal testosterone levels to keep
inflammation down through eating higher
amount of unsaturated fats
um and obviously to you know maintain
the structural Integrity of your cells
right because you need a lot of fats for
the cell membrane of your cells
including your muscle cells so 20 to 30
percent of calories from fats
um 40 to 60 of your calories uh from
carbs depending again on how often you
train how frequently you train how hard
you train how long you train right
carbohydrates is mainly for people will
train hard right if you don't train hard
you could go on a keto diet you'd be
just fine
main purpose of carbohydrates to fuel
training and to fuel recovery again
carbs also have other effects on
testosterone production I'm going to
explain at the end of the video but
again if you're bulking 20 to 30 of your
calories from fats
40 to 60 percent to carbs depending on
how frequently and how hard you train
and obviously you know protein can be
the rest so let's see
hope that answers your question next
definitely true since there are foods
that are service with carbs like sweet
potatoes brown rice and Greek yogurt
carbohydrates are clearly a w absolutely
carbs are amazing if you're an athlete
or if you live if you lift weights
frequently you almost an athlete right
again you're not as Extreme as an
athlete right but trust me your your
energy demands and your micronutrient
demands and your macronutrient demands
are a lot higher than the average person
you into athlete territory but not
obviously not top level at late
territory
um next if calories infested left equal
then doesn't that mean that protein has
to decrease for carbs to increase I know
you mentioned that carbs lower sex
hormone biting globulin but the case
scenario you just gave will make the
extra free tea counterproductive since
protein is King when it comes to body
composition unless my understanding is
wrong okay so keep in mind that you need
a minimum amount of protein to obviously
build muscle to even produce
testosterone right because the enzymes
uh the genes that code for the enzymes
that make testosterone you obviously
need amino acids to translate those
genes right so let's be clear here you
need protein for everything it's the
social life
along with water but the inverter U
curve for protein and testosterone is
very narrow right so once you have
enough protein to make testosterone to
make the genes there to uh to translate
the genes right to make the enzymes that
produce testosterone
further increasing protein
past what you need is counterproductive
because now that's going to take away
from carbs and fats and stuff like that
right so the inverter you curve for
protein as it relates to testosterone is
very narrow right also remember that the
more carbs you eat right the more
calories you eat as well the less
protein you need because less protein is
going to be converted it's going to be
broken down for glucose right
um so that's why lowering protein as
long as it's not too low as long as it's
still within the optimal range that's
why lowering protein in exchange for
more carbs and fats keep in mind for
somebody who's training uh is not you
know counterproductive it's actually
beneficial right the only time I require
high protein right
um again not when I say hi I'm not
talking about excessively High you know
the only time I recommend high protein
is uh for people who are cutting who are
doing body composition or insulin
resistant because obviously they can't
process high carbs
um of people who are eating a vegan or
vegetarian diet because they're not
getting enough leucine uh so and that's
pretty much most people but as long as
you train frequently as long as you're
insulin sensitive and as long as your
testosterone levels are not [ __ ]
you will benefit from increasing your
carb intake and slightly lowering your
protein intake to make room for that
next uh carbs equals energy equals
intense workout because more tea
production uh it doesn't really work
like that but you have right
um right because the the testosterone
boost you get from training is mainly
acute right it goes back down within a
it goes back then after a while but you
know the long term affects the long-term
benefits of training intensely uh within
reason obviously will lead to more
testosterone
um more Baseline Etc next the only
reason I chose false is because it
increases free testosterone not total
correct me if I'm wrong
um it depends right so yes carbohydrates
increase free testosterone right because
carbs lower sex normal body globulin but
you also have to remember that somebody
who trains a lot is going to have higher
levels of cortisol right because your
body is in a state of stress your body's
trying to produce release glucose you
know so
carbohydrates will increase total
testosterone if the person trains a lot
or is under a lot of stress produces a
lot of cortisol right so it depends on
the on the situation here most of you
guys watching the video I'm assuming you
train a lot so yes you will get an
increase in total testosterone from
increasing your carb intake simply
because those carbs uh were lower
cortisol right remember it's not all
about total testosterone and freezes
about the net balance net Androgen
status is about your energy your
androgens and also your anti-antrogens
right so it's about increasing
testosterone total testosterone free
testosterone DHEA DHA sulfate uh
obviously DHT free DHT
you know I understand your own but it's
also about
lowering cortisol lowering prolactin
lowering excess estradiol right so it's
all about the balance right I just say
testosterone levels in the polls and in
the videos because most people watching
the videos are beginners so if I say net
Androgen status they won't know what the
[ __ ] I'm talking about and the algo
won't know what the [ __ ] I'm talking
about so it won't even know who to show
my videos to so I have to say
testosterone testosterone testosterone
levels but it's really not hydrogen
status right which is
again your androgens in a free state and
also in that bound state to some extent
minus your anti you know antigens so
it's that whole balance that's why you
can't just look at testosterone levels
like somebody's saying my two levels are
600 that means absolutely nothing if I
don't know the big picture right you
could have a thousand nanogram per
decilitated testosterone you could have
300 picogram per milliliter free
testosterone you could have uh [ __ ]
120 nanogram per deciliter DHT but if
you have super high cortisol or you have
[ __ ] endogen receptors that means
nothing right so it's about the whole
balance
um so yes I hope that answers your
question next let's see carbs doing the
right timing window can help increase
protein synthesis which can technically
lead to better overall gains uh correct
um again it's all about that you know
balance between myofibular protein
synthesis and myofibular protein
breakdown that's what builds muscle
right in a nutshell increasing protein
synthesis myofibular protein synthesis
and decreasing protein breakdown
right so obviously carbs are going to
primarily decrease both to break down
sorry in addition to some of some of the
other benefits I'm going to mention at
the end of the video
um the steady calories and energy that
you burn with carbs when you already
have protein and fasting track will help
keep the body fat in a caloric Surplus
and Prime for growth called rat correct
correct carbs are very protein and fat
sparing which is good you know
especially if you train hard
next you'll be exact fast have the most
impact on tea cups not much but it's
responsible for much free tea you got
which is almost more important yeah so
you you right in wrong you know you have
right and you have wrong so let me read
for the guys will not we can't see the
screen who will probably just playing it
this video as they're walking it's said
to be exact fast have the most impact on
Chi carbs not much but is responsible
for how much free tea you got which is
almost more important it's all the teeth
let me break that down
because it's halfway half wrong
first first part he said fast have the
most impact on Chi um not really right
if you want to be technical it's really
protein right because at the end of the
day your body is not producing
any testosterone uh if you don't have
the enzymes that obviously convert
cholesterol to testosterone right and
one of those enzymes uh made from amino
acids right which you get from protein
right especially the essential ones so
to be technical protein is the key to
everything right uh your body's not
making testosterone all the Androgen
receptor which again testosterone is
practically useless to when they stand
without the engine receptor but your
body's not making any of that without
protein right so let's let's start with
that
um next you could also argue that uh you
know carbs are just as important because
your body needs glucose ATP right you
might need glucose to make ATP right so
most important micronutrient for life in
general including stuff like producing
just like someone's really protein right
because you'll die without protein
um next would obviously be fats because
your sub membranes are made from fats
um and again the benefits of fast which
is low in inflammation absorbing a lot
of the important testosterone boosting
micronutrients you know the fat soluble
vitamins a d e and K
uh so fast would be next and then you
could put carbs less but the only reason
why carbs are even last is because your
body can convert Chi your body can
convert protein and fats to glucose
which is though many carbs in the first
place so carbs only last because the
body has other ways to produce glucose
if not then carbs will be
number one right because you need energy
to do everything I just listed now once
you have enough protein meaning the
minimum amount of protein you need the
minimum amount of carbs you need the
minimum amount of fats you need now if
we talk about dose response right
increasing what is going to lead to more
testosterone yeah technically increasing
fats will have the most uh impact but
that's assuming the person is not
training hard the person is training
hard then it's the other way around it's
increasing carbohydrates it's going to
have the most impact so you gotta be
careful with blanket statements like
that it all depends on context
uh next you also said um
uh carbs are is responsible for how much
free tea you got it's not just free tea
once again it's also Total Tea like I
said through lowering cortisol uh
through increasing thyroid production
you know especially T3 preventing T3
conversion to reverse T3
um
increasing igf1 which is going to lead
to better Androgen receptor signaling so
carbs don't just increase free tea you
know that's just surface level [ __ ]
carbs have a lot of benefits
especially if you drain
not to mention carbs also help you fall
asleep you know which again it's gonna
have to keep going to have a tea
production
so long story short carbs are very very
underrated also you said uh free T is
more important Total Tea that's another
myth
um they both have very very very
important functions in the body you
don't want to just um
um say free cheese better than solo tea
you know it depends it depends yes free
tea I don't I don't make this video
about free tea and Total Tea but since
he mentioned it yes free Chi is really
uh what enters the cell and bonds to the
Androgen receptor and gets converted to
DHT or extra dollar blah blah but just
have to remember that if you have too
much free tea and not enough Total Tea
um you [ __ ] right because that free
tea is gonna also enter uh the brain
it's also going to enter the pituitary
gland convert to
and lower LH it's going to lower
luteinizing hormone it's going to lead
to less androgens right so you're going
to have less DHEA you're gonna have less
interesting you're gonna have less total
testosterone so you want to have a
balance between total T and free T right
uh it's not as simple as for each it's
more important total T right you need
High total t
because once all that free tea is used
up and taken up by the brain that's
going to lead to lessons you're going to
lead to less free tea again
right not to mention that total t uh
which is really just have some bound to
uh you know ssbg and albumin is needed
uh because one ssbg has its own receptor
um especially on this uh complex with
testosterone and two
you need that quote-unquote savings
account right right because remember
ssbg yes it binds testosterone it makes
it somewhat inactive
but it also keeps it stable and keeps it
uh in the bloodstream longer right so
it's too simplistic to say free cheese
is more important total to you know
they're both incredibly important you do
not want to upset that balance all right
next uh what I call some data for some
reason my let's keep going with the hell
these are my next Cubs are essentially
released certain hormones that can help
increase testosterone so yes correct
correct correct correct remember your
brain is your hypothalamus it's not
going to release you're gonna have a
trip in releasing hormone right GnRH
which relates to LH release it's not
going to do that if it if your blood
does not have enough uh you know glucose
right so if you're very low in glucose
then yeah carbs are important yes your
body can convert protein and faster
glucose but again that that process is
uh it's going to release it's going to
need glucagon and cortisol which you
know it's not it's not efficient next so
for insulin resistant people high carbs
will make them fat which relates to Low
T but low carbs which would lead to them
losing fat will lead to loyalty as well
uh not so if a person is insulin
resistant yeah obviously if they keep
piling on car was going to get fat and
that's going to lead to Low T right but
keep in mind that if they go on a low
carb diet assuming they're insulin
resistant assuming they'll be silverware
whatever yes they're going to have less
glucose less carbs so you know higher
cortisol but they're also going to lose
body fat assuming they're in the caloric
deficit of course but losing body fat is
going to lead to uh improved
inflammatory markers right and obviously
lower estrogen levels which are going to
increase the testosterone so long story
short the balance becomes a net positive
a person is fat and they go on the local
if the person is fat and Insulin
resistant and they go on a low carb diet
um
they're actually going to increase the
testosterone levels but mainly because
they're losing body fat so less
testosterone is converted to estrogens
and
less inflammatory uh cytokines are being
released from the body fat so it's kind
of like losing two points from the high
cortisol from the low carbs by gaining
six points uh from um you know losing
all that body fat next doesn't matter if
there are simple carbs like honey or
dessert obviously you know simple versus
complex carbs depends on timing it's all
about timing guys
um so again around the gym or right
after the gym if you want to recover
faster and you want to be able to train
the next day yeah you want simple carbs
in that two hour window right after the
gym because that's when you're gonna
have maximally elevated rates of
glycogen replenishment by any other time
you could use complex carbohydrates in
fact that would be recommended uh you
know to have stable levels of blood
sugar so hope it answers your question
if not uh let me know next any foods
with lots of causes of fatigue food is
good for sleeping because it makes you
feel tired and with good sleep you make
testosterone
um yeah I mean that's not the benefit of
carbohydrates right to help you sleep
mainly by increasing
tryptophan uptake right to the brain
which is going to convert to serotonin
which obviously you guys know serotonin
is needed for melatonin which helps you
sleep so uh some of the benefit of carbs
people on low carb diets tend to
struggle with next carbs can lower
cortisol stress which improves
testosterone yeah
no what's your ideal ratio for macros
again it depends I think I answered that
earlier it depends on the person in
their goals but as I said earlier you
want about next I don't know it said
that fat I what the [ __ ] it oh I think
he meant is
let me see yeah that's just close to the
on the keyboard yeah all notes said that
fat is burned in the presence of carbs
so it indirectly caused that what the
hell are you saying but anyway next why
do cops make me so sleepy I just
explained that earlier
um you know it depends on when you eat
your carbs you know if you want to
benefit from the fact that cars make you
sleepy well you could take that later in
the day uh as opposed to early in the
day
um and again it depends on the type of
carbs right if you're eating simple
carbs yeah it's going to make you sleepy
especially feeding a [ __ ] ton of simple
carbs
um also you could be insulin resistant
right because if you're eating let's say
complex carbs you shouldn't be sleepy
right unless you're getting obviously a
[ __ ] ton of it
um so if you're eating complex carbs
slow digesting carbs and you sleepy
chances are you probably insulin
resistant you know so what's happening
is you insulin resistance your body's
releasing a [ __ ] ton of insulin just try
to get the glucose into the cells and
eventually because your body is
releasing so much insulin eventually
your blood sugar drops way too low and
that makes you sleepy tired whatever not
to mention that you could also be sleepy
uh if you eat a big meal right if the
meal is too big yeah your body's gonna
you know put you in this parasympathetic
State because it has to digest you know
it has to take blood flow away from the
brain away from other tissues and
towards your
digestive tract anyway uh let's see I
love how Megan doesn't know that tofu is
the best that starts from boosting food
each three three and a half ounce
serving has this got uh he clearly
doesn't read 20 studies a day
next I hope it's true all I eat is carbs
next uh starting to think that the best
macro split is just a flat 33 of
everything judging by the importance of
all them and Juice about all our goals
except getting shredded yeah you need
all three you need all three
micronutrients all right um and
obviously any fiber as well which is
part of carbs but uh
yeah protein you don't need 33 protein
though you know that's you know you know
unless again you recomping or you are
in a caloric deficit
um or you insulin resistant right those
are the people that I prescribe high
protein intakes too uh but uh yeah you
need all three micronutrients all three
some are obviously more important
depending on the scenario but you need
all three next carbohydrates equals
gasoline for activity next low insulin
equals low to stop someone behind
excellent very low wait what let me read
that again low insulin ankles low
testosterone but High insulin it goes
very low testosterone
uh no it doesn't work like that bro
remember like insulin and testosterone
both work together right you need both
hormones in Balance you don't want
anything too low or too high right you
need insulin to obviously shuttle amino
acids and glucose into the cells again
like I mentioned earlier your brain is
not going to produce enough GnRH and LH
if there's not enough glucose into the
GnRH producing neurons right brain cells
so you need insulin for that but you
also don't want insulin too high because
then it's going to crush your blood
sugar
um and again it's going to lead to
insulin resistance eventually so you
know you want everything in Balance you
know it's too simplistic to say that oh
insulin and testosterone uh you know uh
you know antagonize each other no no
they both helps keep the body in
homeostasis next uh you didn't mention
how much more specifically what kind of
cars are we talking about obviously we
saw mild nutrient dense carbs
um next uh I get these wrong every time
next cop calls that no carb cause
diabetes no carbs don't cause diabetes
carbs combined with inactivity and
genetic predisposition cause diabetes so
if you eat carbs and you sit on your ass
all day yeah of course you're going to
get diabetes eventually you know but if
you're active you know it's actually uh
if you're active you train every day you
move a lot High neat High ENT
um High TDE yeah you covers are great
next card back loading gives you hella T
next carbs are good but not necessary
you can survive without it yeah you can
survive without cars but that's because
your body's converting protein and fats
to the byproduct of carbs which glucose
um so
it depends on context here
um but yeah you could you could
definitely survive without uh with our
carbs
um but that doesn't mean that it's not
optimal for somebody who trains
um you could train on low carbs but it's
going to be a [ __ ] shitty session
even if you quote unquote fat adapted
there's a reason why most athletes on
high carb diets over 90 of athletes
power athletes and NFL NBA you know all
these very important
uh you know very intense Sports the
reason why almost 90 to 99 of these
athletes on high top diets you know it's
just common sense all right next car
okay this is way too long
um wrong carbs reduce testosterone due
to insulin resistance I already
explained that uh for us on my way to
CarMax and blow Max with the 7-Eleven
sushi
all right this video wow I actually made
it almost a 30 minute video Even though
I said I wouldn't but yeah so let me
give you guys the the reason why again
the reason why carbohydrates increase
testosterone not just testosterone but
also net Androgen status which once
again is what matters the reason why I
say testosterone or testosterone levels
is because that's what beginners
understand right but really whenever I'm
saying testosterone I'm referring to net
Androgen status which is all the
androgens minus all of your
anti-antrogens right so carbs increase
your net Androgen status by lowering
cortisol right so that's going to
improve your testosterone cortisol ratio
right because it's not just about
testosterone it's about the big picture
right the net engine status so carbs
lower cortisol improve your t2c ratio
right you have to set some cortisol
ratio because by low in cortisol you're
allowing higher testosterone production
because they're both made from the same
uh you know molecule which is
cholesterol and also in your adrenals
they're both made from pregnant
Standalone carbs increase thyroid
hormone production right especially T3
carbs lower the conversion of T3 to
reverse T3 which is obviously bad right
you don't want a lot of reverse C3 carbs
increase igf-1 which is obviously
anabolic as [ __ ] and is also needed for
optimal Androgen receptor activity
carbs up you sleep at night which again
cause increase uh tryptophan
transport into the brain across the
blood-brain barrier which leads to
conversion to serotonin and eventually
melatonin so go there for sleep
covers increase performance or allows
you to train harder in the gym which is
going to long term allow you to build
more muscle which obviously is going to
affect your instant sensitivity in the
future and lead to higher Baseline
levels of testosterone in the future
um and obviously a lot of nutrient dense
carbs are full of micronutrients that
you cannot get in high amounts from
animal sources right it's very hard to
get enough vitamin C enough Boron and
vitamin K uh what else um enough uh
manganese you know from not magnesium
manganese from only animal Foods right
so many many many many benefits to
eating nutrient dense carbs in the right
amounts especially if you train hard
alright I hope this video helps don't
forget to join the Reddit the Discord
the Instagram The Tick Tock don't forget
to support the channel If You Wish by
going to the website and grabbing
yourself a copy of the ebook and uh yeah
see you guys in the next poll all right
guys don't forget to like or share the
video subscribe and hit the bell and buy
my Asia speed nucleus of a little
training program she also made a program
for maximum muscle growth it includes
full body workout space bro splits
push-pull home workouts you name it also
comes with a complete guide for macros
nutrition fat loss monster growth
hormones including a meal plan it's
pretty much all my 16 years of
experience condensed into one [ __ ]
book you're also gonna get free copies
of anything future Edition so visit
team3dalpha.com and you can use the 40
off coupon code nucleus overload or you
could just buy the share full price all
right guys I'm out of here
