hey guys what's going on megan here
finally the videos out the genetics of
the middle east i was sick for about two
weeks
so a lot of my
videos and projects got delayed but
anyway let's get to it the genetics of
the middle east when i answer a lot of
questions
why is it that
so many of the world's greatest empires
came from this region keep in mind i'm
going to talk about the middle east and
also parts of north africa right so
that's going to include this entire
region if you notice this overlaps with
the map of the world's desert areas and
i'm going to explain why later on
um even though there's a lot of
different ethnicities in here right why
is it that they've all evolved to
produce so many great warriors and so
many great empires throughout history i
mean think about it guys the acadian
empire middle east babylonian empire
middle east the empire of the persian
empire the assyrian empire the islamic
caliphate the ottoman empire the
assassinated empire the party empire
every all the greatest empires in
history
all came from this region right and
obviously the egyptian empire and things
like that so why is it that so many
warriors in the ancient days emerged
from here and keep in mind this goes as
far
east as afghanistan right everyone
thinks the middle east is just
saudi arabia and dubai and [ __ ] no guys
a lot of the adaptations that we're
going to discuss in this video are
shared by a vast number of people in
this region right as far north as turkey
and georgia and some parts of central
asia and like i said as far east as
afghanistan and of course a lot of
reasons right there's a lot of reasons
why that region of the world produced so
many empires and so many warriors but
today we're going to focus on one
key gene before we go into the video
remember guys stop being part heard
about race i said this every time but i
still see you guys in the comment
section
having political wars and race wars guys
cut that [ __ ] out right this is 2022 and
it blows my mind and some of you guys
are still supremacists and still racist
cut that [ __ ] out man we should be able
to talk about these things
without someone getting butthurt or
someone having a superiority complex
right to me the differences between
people is one of the most fascinating
things that's why i love genetics so
much it's so amazing how humans were
able to adapt to almost every single
region of the world right and adapting
to those regions led to genetic and
epigenetic changes that creates some of
the differences that we see right so
depending on where your ancestors adapt
to and how to survive
you're gonna see a high proportion
of genetic polymorphisms there that
doesn't mean that everyone within that
population you know is gonna have that
phenotype right it just means it's gonna
have a higher it's gonna be a higher
frequency of those genes right so watch
my previous videos if you haven't so far
we did west africans uh we did uh
europeans we did east africans with
their south asians with the
eurasians the native americans so once
again get caught up on those videos but
like i said stop getting but heard about
the differences between people at the
end of the day we are all related if you
go back far enough remember the human
race started out in africa and spread
through the rest of the world and we had
to adapt to different biomes along the
way which is what produced all those
differences and along the way we also
mix with different archaic species such
as neanderthals and dennis ovens but
even the end of those descendants of
should go back far enough from homo
erectus which originated out of africa
right so at the end of the day we are
all [ __ ] related right so cut the
race [ __ ] cut the oh i'm better than
you i'm worse than this right stop it i
have friends from all over the world and
when i meet someone from a different
culture i have intense admiration in
fact i'm more excited about people's
industry than they are like i meet
somebody from anywhere in the world and
i'm quizzing them like oh my god like
what were your ancestors doing you know
tell me about your culture tell me about
your cuisine you know so guys please
keep the politics out of this and
especially keep the religion out of this
because this reader is going to mention
the middle east and i know there's going
to be a lot of people in the comment
section fighting over islam and
christianity and whatever
[ __ ] off guys right
go argue religion somewhere else you
guys know i can't [ __ ] stand religion
anyway so go argue religion somewhere
else go argue politics somewhere else i
treat people based on the individual
right i don't care what group you from
i'm gonna keep you black i'm gonna treat
you like an individual i don't care if
you're south asian if you're asian if
you're white i'm not gonna treat you
based on what your ancestors did i'm not
gonna blame you for your ancestors dead
because like i said if you go back far
enough everybody has blood on their
hands anyway right so i treat people
based on the individual for example
right i just said i can't stand religion
right spirituality is a whole different
thing if you're spiritual good right i
[ __ ] with spiritual people if you're
religious ah i'm not a big fan of
religious people
especially the ones who like to show
their religion down everybody's throat
but that doesn't mean that if i meet
someone who's christian or muslim i'm
gonna treat them differently no i'm
gonna treat them like any other guy all
right so back to the video remember guys
natural selection right i'm gonna skip
the details because a lot of guys i've
seen uh my my previous videos it's
simply when geography nature decides
which genes are gonna be passed on more
easily in an environment so on the left
the green mice are going to pass on
their jeans a lot faster because they're
better camouflaged whereas on the right
side is going to be the brow mice
same thing here it's going to be the
white mice not the purple ones right
everyone is born with mutations and
based on the environment you adapting to
certain mutations are gonna are gonna
give you a survival advantage which is
why we are so different even though we
are part of the human race now before we
talk about the genetics of the middle
east we have to talk about the
fight-or-flight system guys you gotta
understand that humans have the ability
to go okay you can right my dragon ball
z nerds know what i'm talking about
humans have the ability
to go super saiyan for a very short
amount of time and that's simply your
fight or flight response right whenever
your body whenever your brain perceives
a threat
your body kicks into overdrive activates
your fight-or-flight response right your
sympathetic nervous system kicks in and
you temporarily become a [ __ ] problem
you temporarily become a beast your
muscles tense up so that you're ready to
exert force your eyesight temporarily
improves so that you're able to scan for
threats your energy levels go through
the roof because again your body starts
to break down glycogen cardio salt kicks
in increases blood glucose so you
temporarily get a burst of energy you
temporally get a huge reduction in pain
sensitivity so you can actually that's
why some people in the middle of a fight
or while they're fighting a bear or some
[ __ ] that they don't even feel pain
until it's over right you get a
temporary reduction in pain so your pain
threshold actually goes up you
temporarily become fearless right again
it's called a fight or flight so for the
guy who runs away you know it's a
different story but if you decide to
stay on your ground you temporarily
become fearless we've seen it with
mothers protecting their kids from bears
we've seen it with hunters and gatherers
chasing after lions and [ __ ] you know
when the lion
grabs one of their children your
breathing rate goes up so your lungs can
take in more oxygen your heart starts to
beat like crazy again shuttling more
blood flow more nutrients to
other parts of your body that need it
even your hearing improves right so all
your senses become fine-tuned and sure
enough that includes your sense of smell
so you become a [ __ ] beast
temporarily and this thing happens so
[ __ ] quick right and one of the main
things that kicks off that is obviously
an increase in blood flow right blood
pressure your blood pressure has to go
up so that blood can go through all of
the
muscles and all of the regions that are
needed and also so that blood can go
away from the areas that are not needed
while you're dealing with the threat so
for example your digestion system will
obviously temporarily go down your
reproductive system blah blah blah and
also blood will go away from your skin
to your more important organs right so a
lot of this right a big percentage of
this response requires an increase in
blood pressure if you cannot increase
your blood pressure fast enough you're
going to have a very very delayed or
inefficient for the flight response now
what does this have to do with the
people of the middle east well let's
look here first you gotta look at the
ace gene right and this is a gene that i
mentioned before several times in this
video along with acting three and all
the other heavily researched gene but
long story short ace stands for
angiotensin converting enzyme it's part
of the rise system which is needed to
increase your blood pressure long story
short without boring you with the
science this is one of the main enzymes
that allows you to increase your blood
pressure that's why when you have high
blood pressure what do they prescribe
ace blockers or you know ac inhibitors
right and obviously just like every
enzyme in your body it is coded by a
gene which is the ace gene right if you
do not have this gene if you cannot make
enough
uh of the enzyme you're gonna have a
hard time converting angiotensin into
its active form right converting
angiotensin one into angiotensin ii
which is the active form now everyone
has the sheen of course if you're normal
but there are different polymorphisms
right for example you have the insertion
polymorphism and you have the deletion
polymorphism long story short if you
have the eye allele then your body
cannot make the ac enzyme fast enough so
it's going to take you a long time to
increase your blood pressure
and if you have the dna and it's the
opposite your body actually makes the
enzyme a lot faster so you can increase
your blood pressure faster than someone
on this side and as you can imagine if
you d d meaning obviously you got the d
from your mom and the other d from your
from your father you're gonna have an
advantage in power in uh in power sports
in combat sports in anything that
requires you to increase your blood
pressure very [ __ ] fast
right whereas if you have the ii version
then you can have an advantage in you
know marathon events endurance events
things where you actually do not want
your blood pressure to go up too fast
now it's obviously more complicated than
this but i have to keep it simple for
the purpose of this video so once again
if you have the dd version then you can
increase your blood pressure very fast
you can turn on your sympathetic nervous
system you can turn on that k you can
pathway extremely fast right so that is
very very beneficial if you're a warrior
right which is literally you turning on
your sympathetic nervous system the
moment you see an opponent whereas the
ii [ __ ] are more like holy [ __ ]
give me a minute give me a minute to
turn okay you can right guys well life
is not like dragon ball z where your
enemy stands there and watches you power
up right that's not what's gonna happen
in real life in real life you don't you
don't turn on your sympathetic nervous
system fast enough you are [ __ ] right
so clearly people that have the dd
polymorphism have an advantage in combat
sports and the research has has
confirmed that over and over again now
what does this have to do with the
middle east and north africa and parts
of central asia bang look at this guy so
i graphed it for you there goes mina
right middle eastern north africa look
at this they have the highest frequency
of the ace d polymorphism the dll right
number one is the middle east number two
is west africans which again makes sense
when you look at the representation in
power sports number three you have
europeans number four you have india
india is really close uh and then you
see asia america and uh oceania and as
you can tell the further away you go
from desert areas the further away you
go from you know
hot dry climates the less you see a high
representation of the dl which makes
sense i mean think about it if you
evolve right if you adapt it to the
desert where it's extremely dry it's
extremely it's extremely hard to find
water you prone to dehydration
guess what your body is going to start
selecting for people that have the d
allele of the ac gene because another
thing that the ac enzyme does in
addition to increasing your sympathetic
nervous system activity and your
aggression and things like that is it
increases water retention right which is
again how it increases your blood
pressure and it also increases sodium
retention and sure enough if you evolved
if your ancestors had to adapt to the
desert or desert regions which is one of
the most ruthless places
in ancient history where there's barely
any water you're constantly leaking
sodium because you're sweating are we
surprised that the populations who are
to adapt here have the highest
frequencies of the ace dd polymorphisms
of course not it's common sense right
the desert is literally like starting
like if you were born if your instances
were born in a desert that is literally
starting life on the hardest difficulty
you could think about it's like starting
a video game on nightmare mode because
you guys know you can go weeks and
months without food you cannot go more
than a few days without water right so
these guys had to have the ability to
retain sodium the ability to retain
water
right and sure enough it also gave them
a huge advantage
in uh in warfare because as i mentioned
earlier one of the advantages of acdd is
not just an increase in blood pressure
not just an increase in uh sodium water
retention it's also an increase in
sympathetic nervous system activity
right okay you can't fight a flight
response
oh and another reason why the people
from that area was selected to have the
d version of the ace g and it's because
think about it they are from a culture
of honor if you study cultures of honor
throughout the world you know that
there's select for some of the most
vicious most violent and most brave of
men right because in cultures of honor
remember guys
out of the three different types of
societies the three main society types
that humans have adapted to that humans
have evolved in
you have hunter-gatherers
farmers and nomads right past relations
remember pastoralists tend to invent
cultures of honor they tend to come up
with cultural honor significantly more
than hunter-gatherers and uh farmers why
because in pastoralist societies it is
extremely easy for someone to just come
up overnight and steal all your [ __ ]
right that is well known if you from a
pastoral society you can lose all your
wealth overnight all right someone can
just come in and take all of your cows
away all of your camels away all your
sheep or your ghost and you wake up the
next day and you went from like a
millionaire back then to like zero
overnight so those cultures had to
develop
strong reputations reputations for for
vengeance for
violence right because again you wanted
to keep people away from your [ __ ]
can you blame those people can you
imagine you work so hard to accumulate
your wealth to accumulate all these uh
all these herds right and then overnight
it's all gone right and then the person
who stole your [ __ ] goes from zero to a
hundred and you go from 100 to zero yeah
so those cultures remember they're not
just in the middle east there's some in
africa their cultures are on in uh
in africa in europe
right in fact a lot of people who
settled in the american south are from
cultures of honor you know scotland and
things like that and it's the same
pattern
they are very nice people but when you
[ __ ] with them they will take your head
off in a heartbeat right and like i said
it's because they had to adapt to the
environment they had to adapt to an
environment where somebody can steal
your [ __ ] any day
and if you lose all your wealth
overnight you have to sell yourself into
slavery because now you can't pay your
debts right you can't pay your debts and
now everyone looks down on you so
they had to evolve
cultures of bravery cultures of
vengeance right a lot of vendettas a lot
of clan
uh you know a lot of wars a lot of
conflicts between clans right they had
to produce some of the bravest fiercest
strongest most courageous men because if
they didn't they died so you combine you
look at the people of the middle east
you combine being brought up in the
desert which is nightmare mode combined
right remember you're in the desert
meaning it's already hard to find water
it's hard to find food and then you
combine that a pastorally society where
people are constantly trying to steal
your [ __ ] 24 7
you of course you're gonna produce some
of the world's best warriors because
what is the alternative
the alternative is you die the
alternative is someone comes steals your
[ __ ] and eventually they're still your
wife they're still your daughter you
come home and everything is gone and now
somebody else is clapping your wife's
cheeks
who the [ __ ] wants that that would make
any man become ruthless right which is
why i don't judge right i look at every
tribe every culture and i try my best
not to judge because a lot of people did
what they had to do to survive to the
era that they were brought up in now
that doesn't justify things but at the
same time we shouldn't demonize people
when we when we study history so that is
why there was some of the most efficient
warriors in history of course there are
many many other reasons uh if i have
time i'm gonna make videos on uh the
other genes that helped a lot of these
guys conquer the known world at the time
but for now we just focus on ac right
and i mean even if you look at you know
islam you know once again you guys know
i'm not if i'm not a fan of religion at
all but but you got to give credit where
credit is due you know islam spread
across the world at an incredibly fast
rate
and it was mainly through conquest right
conquest is obviously trade and things
like that but it's mainly to congress
right most religions spread through
conquest a lot of these warriors
whenever they dominated an area they
give you an ultimatum one convert to
islam two paid attacks or three die so
obviously a lot of people just chose to
convert don't get me wrong there are
some who converted you know by choice
but again that's a topic for another
video right and you have to remember
that
islam was spread
mainly by a group of very small tribes
right inhabitants of the desert they
were very underrated they were slapped
on by the roman empire and the parthian
empire you know people thought oh you
know look at these desert brothers you
know they're not a threat and then they
came out of nowhere and then spread
through
the known world
like a fire right very very fascinating
if you ask me and it's sad that a lot of
this a lot of these stories are not
taught in school simply because again
especially if you live in the west the
west likes to demonize uh you know
muslim populations the west likes to
demonize the east and you know make it
seem like all of them are terrorists and
all of them are you know it's so
[ __ ] so propaganda guys you know if
you if you put like i said if you put
politics aside and you put religion
aside and you actually study the history
of every culture
you will see that there's a lot a lot a
lot that the middle east that the people
of the middle east
contributed to world civilizations you
know and it's sad that today we can't
have these conversations because like i
said because of religion and politics
but anyway guys i'm rambling conclusion
the people of the middle east you know
on average right that doesn't mean every
single person in the middle east have
the highest frequency of the d allele
which gives them an advantage in combat
sports gives them an advantage in some
power sports because obviously you have
to combine you know that gene with a
bunch of other genes right it's never
just one gene that does everything it's
always a combination but there's also
downside remember there's a downside to
every gene right remember if you have
that gene which gave your ancestors an
advantage back in the days today it's
actually harmful if you're sedentary
right if you're eating a a lot of
processed foods a lot of sodium remember
your body's already good at retaining
water and sodium so you combine that
with a shitty diet you know you're going
to have a lot of issues with
hypertension diabetes and sure enough we
see this a lot in the middle east right
a lot of diabetes a lot of hypertension
you know high blood pressure metabolic
syndrome
right so the same genes that help the
ancestors survive and win so many wars
today is killing a lot of them right so
you have to look at the pros and cons
of every adaptation another downside is
it makes you very very prone to violence
right if you already have other genetic
polymorphisms that make you prone to
violence and you combine that with the
with the dll
you gonna be a person that's very easy
to irritate you're gonna have bursts of
anger you're going to have because
remember it's very easy for you to turn
on your sympathetic nervous system right
so if you combine that with some other
genes which i'm going to make videos
about in a in a in the future the genes
that affect aggression and anger holy
[ __ ] you're going to be one violent
[ __ ] not everyone of course
right now everyone that has that gene is
going to be violent you know don't take
me out of context but if you have
uh
if you're already predisposed to
violence you know if you have the the
bad version of the moa gene or uh comt
things like that you are gonna have
issues with violence in fact growing up
in west africa a lot of the
um
people from the middle east that i grew
up around they used to beat the [ __ ] out
of their wives you know and i know part
of it is also culture part of it is uh
you know
um the way they were brought up but they
were known as some violent [ __ ]
you know they would just snap at the
smallest thing and they would you know
pull out a knife or like i said it would
beat the [ __ ] out of their wives once
again i'm not saying that everyone from
the middle east uh does that because i
know somebody's gone in my comment
section and oh you you're saying people
in the middle he's so aggressive shut
the [ __ ] up right don't take me out of
context don't show up at me you're
saying a lot of them specifically the
people that us that i believe had those
genes uh were prone to violence which is
why the knowledge of genetics is so
important because once you know what
you're predisposed to then you're able
to do things to mitigate uh the
downsides that come with your genotype
you know you're able to
channel your rage and aggression into
something else like sports but anyway
guys that's it like i said this video
can be two hours long there's so much to
talk about as far as the genetics of the
middle east but
i will be here all [ __ ] day days i'm
gonna try to just do it into segments
release some slowly over time remember
the middle east is huge right there's a
lot of different ethnic groups
a lot of different clans but for the
sake of the videos i have to lump people
up together based on based on the
natural selection pressures that they
were under but i hope this video helps
you guys in the comment section and stay
tuned for future videos oh and don't
forget to [ __ ] subscribe man and join
the reddit as well right all right guys
don't forget to like or share the video
subscribe and hit the bell and buy my
hsp nucleus of a little training program
it's the ultimate program for maximum
muscle growth it includes full body
workout splits bro splits push-pull
home workouts you name it also comes
with a complete guide for macros
nutrition fat loss muscle growth
hormones including a meal plan it's
pretty much all my 16 years of
experience
condensed into one [ __ ] book you're
also going to get free copies of any
future edition so visit team3d alpha.com
and you can use the 40 off coupon code
nucleus overload or you could just buy
this [ __ ] at full price all right guys
i'm out of here
