hey guys going on Megan here we're going
to rank the 10 most popular diets based
on the ability to increase testosterone
muscle and performance number one let's
start with the pascatarian diet so
that's a all fish or mainly fish diet
I'm going to put it in B tier and that's
mainly because it gives you plenty of
high quality protein plenty of good
quality fats especially Omega-3s which a
lot of you guys are deficient in it
gives you a decent amount of vitamins
and minerals but the reason why it's not
higher is because it does not give you
enough carbohydrates enough nutrient
dense carbohydrates which are crucial
for performance especially if you train
a lot you're very active you exercise a
lot it gives you a decent amount of zinc
but not as much as I prefer and it is
not sustainable long term right you want
to pick D that are sustainable for the
rest of your lifetime so I'm going to
put that in B tier next a vegan diet for
testosterone I'm going to put that in C
tier and the only reason why it's not
low is because it does check a lot of
the items on the box right so it gives
you good quality vitamins minerals and
antioxidants a decent amount of
nutrient-dense carbohydrates and fiber
but it does not give you enough high
quality protein unless you eat a crap
ton of various soy products and beans
and things like that you really got to
be very careful when you on a vegan diet
if you're trying to get high quality
protein it does not give you a high zinc
to fight a ratio right so you so the
little zinc that you actually get from
the diet is not going to be properly
absorbed because of the high ftic acid
content of the vegan diet it is not
sustainable long term and it does not
give you enough high quality fats you're
going to get some muas right you're
going to get some monos saturated fats
but you're not going to get enough
saturated fats and you might get some
Omega-3s depending on how careful you
are with you're planning so I don't like
diets like that right that are too
restrictive and I require way too much
attention to detail in order for you to
be optimal next the standard bodybuilder
diet right the chicken broccoli and rice
diet I'm going to put that in C tier
right it's horrible right it's it's
destroy the health of so many men right
so number one it does not give you
enough vitamins minerals antioxidants
believe it or not the basic chicken
broccoli and rice diet is very deficient
in micronutrients you're going to get
some but not others you're not getting
enough zinc and you're not getting
enough high quality fats right because
it tends to be very low in fat you guys
got to remember that the popular
bodybuilder diet is mainly for people
who are on steroids they don't need as
much nutrient density as you do because
they're not producing their own
testosterone they're injecting it right
so they could eat a very low fat they
could eat a very low zinc diet they
could eat a diet that's deficien in key
vitamins minerals antioxidants because
again they do not have to worry about
testosterone production endogenously
next we have the paleo diet aka the
caveman diet so let's see you're getting
plenty of high quality protein you're
getting some high quality fats you're
getting vitamins minerals and
antioxidants and you're also getting
plenty of zinc the only issue is again
you're not getting a high amount of
nutrient dense carbohydrates which is is
going to impair performance if you're
very active so I'm going to put that in
a tier next we have a keto diet very low
carb high protein high fat so let's say
you're getting a lot of protein you're
getting a lot of fats you are getting
plenty of bioavailable zinc since you're
not eating a lot of ftic acid the only
issue is it is not sustainable and
obviously you're not getting a lot of
nutrient-dense carbohydrates right and
it's kind of iffy on the vitamins
minerals and antioxidant side right
you're going to have to supplement a lot
uh to cover those holes and again a diet
where you have to supplement in know for
it to work is obviously your crappy diet
so I'm going to put in B tier I'm
tempted to put in C tier but I put in B
tier got to be objective next enin
fasting guys inim fasting is not really
a diet it's just a structured way of
eating your diet right so you could do
Inman fasting with a vegan diet a
carnival diet a keto diet right so it's
going it's going to be very hard to to
rank inmin fasting because again it
depends on what you actually eating so
I'm just going to put in B chair right
it depends right if you're doing an a
minute fasting with a diet in the a tier
category then that's going to go in a
tier if you're doing inter fasting with
a vegan diet then it's going to go in C
tier right so I'm going to put that
right there in the middle next you have
a carnival diet let's see you're getting
plenty of protein you're getting plenty
of fats except for Omega-3s you're
getting a ton of vitamins minerals
antioxidants again except for the ones
you can only get in in plant Foods so
that's ready two red flags you're not
getting enough nutrient dense
carbohydrates to fuel performance um but
you are getting plenty of zinc right and
last but not least it's not sustain
aable long term right it's not unless
you have medical conditions that require
you to eliminate uh entire macr groups
it's not sustainable long term so I'm
going to put that in B tier right
there's too many red flags like I said
earlier there's a lot of nutrients that
you can only get from plant Foods in
high amounts that is so everyone is
overhyping Carnival diets but if you
look deeply you find out that one
they're either on trt so you don't count
and two they used a lot of supplements
which once again if you have to
supplement with things other than
vitamin D then your diet is obviously
see trash next you have a Mediterranean
diet so let's see you're getting a lot
of protein enough protein you're getting
fats high quality fats plenty of
Omega-3s plenty of monosaturated fats
you're getting vitamins minerals
antioxidants you're getting a lot of
carbohydrate nutrient dense
carbohydrates and you're getting a
decent amount of zinc and it's also very
sustainable because you're not
eliminating entire food groups so I'm
going to put that at the very top of a
tier a Mediterranean diet is very very
good and it's also scientifically proven
oh I should say has been shown
scientifically to be one of the
healthiest diets in the world but there
are some new ones to that and some
caveats which I'll discuss in future
videos next we have a modified keto diet
which is really what the Atkin diet is
right so it's pretty much a keto diet
with a little room for carbohydrates the
longer you stay on the diet so I'm going
to put in B here it's the same as I
explained earlier good amounts of
protein good amounts of fats but the
removal of an entire group which is
carbohydrates is not ideal next we have
car back loading so let's see you
getting plenty of protein you're getting
fats in the earlier part of the day
you're getting vitamins minerals
antioxidants you're getting a lot of
carbohydrates obviously post-workout
you're getting enough zinc as long as
you structure your diet correctly and it
is sustainable so I'm going to put that
in Ester mainly because when it comes to
testosterone insulin sensitivity is
everything right you cannot mess around
with your insulin sensitivity if you
become insulin resistant everything
shuts down including testosterone
production and with car back loading not
only you getting all your key nutrients
but you are also paying attention to
timing timing matters guys eating a big
carbohydrate meal right after the gym
it's not the same as eating a big
carbohydrate meal early in the morning
or right before bed the blood sugar
response is night and day next If It
Fits your Macros so pretty much you
could eat anything you want as long as
It Fits your Macros right [ __ ] so
let's see you're getting enough protein
you're getting enough fats you're
getting enough carbohydrates but you're
not getting enough vitamins minerals
antioxidants you're not getting enough
zinc although it is sustainable so I'm
going to put that one in B tier the If
It Fits your Macros diet is extremely
low in micronutrients which leads to
insulin resistance oxidative stress and
whole bunch of issues down the line last
but not least you have a balanced diet
so that's a diet that gives you plenty
of high quality animal protein plenty of
high quality fats including saturated
fats mod saturated fats Omega-3s plenty
of vitamins minerals an an oxidants
plenty of nutrient dense carbohydrates
so that's kinoa potatoes right you're
getting your fiber you're getting your
pre and probiotics your fruits your
Veges plenty of zinc and is sustainable
because it's balance that's going to go
at the very top of s tier if you want to
maximize testosterone production a
balanced diet is the best diet for you
but again experiment and see what works
all right guys hope this video helps the
new testosterone ebook is finally out
how to increase testosterone in 30 days
check out make sure you use the discount
code and I appreciate you guys for
supporting the channel I'm out of here
