all right guys top 10 best shoulders of
all time and how they were built I had
to make this a top 10 instead of a top
five like I normally do simply because
this was such a stacked [ __ ] list
very very very hard to actually rate
these guys because they all have some
amazing
as you guys know shoulds were not really
a big thing in the 80s and the 0 you
know the early '90s but you know towards
the mid 90s people just started coming
out of nowhere with insane delt it went
from body building went from the alln
era where it was all chest and biceps to
the lead Haney era you know and during
but it was all back and you know a
little bit of legs to shoulders
shoulders shoulders you know shoulders
and legs of almost everything right now
so it's very hard to compile this list
and as you all know guys shoulders is my
second favorite body part of all time
after traps so I had a lot of fun making
this list all right so let's go before I
begin once again I said how they were
built I'm going to mention some of their
mythologies and some of the exercises
they were using but I don't want to see
any comments about steroids and all that
stuff they're all on steroids guys they
all have great genetics so no need to
see the smart ass that's always well it
doesn't matter what they were doing
they're all on steroids yes it does
matter they're all on steroids but they
they don't all look the [ __ ] same
right you know steroid play a big part
but also the exercise selection and the
volume and things like that gives a
little you know put some little tweaks
into it it's a small percentage but it
matters right so don't look at this and
say well I'm not going to try to learn
from them or use some of the the
techniques because they're all on the
juice that's a that's a very very dumb
mindset to have you know you're not
you're never going to have shoulders
like them don't get me wrong if you're
Natty but it's good to look at what they
did to achieve those results all right
so let's get started at number 10 we
have Victor Martinez Victor Martinez who
was robbed I don't care how many times
I'm going have to [ __ ] say it but I'm
going keep saying it who was robbed at
the 2007 Miss Olympia Jakob I love you
you my top 10 body builders of all time
but you know damn well Victor had it so
anyway guys marvelous shoulders he does
a lot of volume for delts there goes
another shot here he's a little he's a
lot older now but you know I think he's
still competing this year but a lot of
people sleep on Victor Martinez when it
comes to shoulder development all right
at number nine we have my man Roy
Winkler also in my top 10 bodybuilders
of all time List look at his shoulder
development he's very
underrated not just overall but also
when it comes to shoulder development um
because he has some massive ass arms
people just look at his arms they forget
that he has some sick sick sick DS as
you can see in his shot here and I give
him even more credit because the bigger
your arms the smaller they make your
shoulders look so if you can see his
shoulders pop out I'm telling you guys
he has some big shoulders because ry's
arms are massive there goes another shot
right there I [ __ ] love role leader
the judges got to stop [ __ ] with him
every year they misplace his ass but
that's politics all right at number
eight we have Jake Cutler also
underrated in the shoulder Department
you know everyone knows Jay Cutler for
his olympias for his legs his back a lot
of people don't give him credit for his
[ __ ] delts this guy as you can see in
this picture here standing next to
Ronnie Coleman has some insane insane
delts also Ronnie Coleman is not in this
video I I try not to provan keman in
most of these top five top 10 videos
because he had everything you know he's
going to like destroy every single list
I put him on so but anyway look at J C
should the development he ATT tributes
say to obviously genetics but a lot of
real D movements you notice a lot of
these bodybuilders uh really really uh
favored real adults and that's what give
them the edge over everybody else
because when you're on steroids you're
already going to have great shoulders
you know when you have good genetics and
you're on the bodybuilder stage ifbb
stage you have the genetics that have
great shoulders you have the
androgens um but to complete the package
you need that real de development and
those guys really really uh double the
volume of the real de work all right
next up at number seven we have big Ramy
he's once again when it comes to
shoulders I feel like he's underrated
you know people know him for his size
his quads you know but no one talks
about his [ __ ] shoulders his
shoulders actually stand up can actually
balance out his quad and he has some
massive quads massive quads and as you
can see in his shot here so I definitely
put him up there in the top seven when
it comes to shoulder development all
right at number six we have Antoine Vali
I can't pronounce his last name but I
think it's from Canada amazing shoulder
development he's very underrated overall
and also for his shoulder development
the first time I seen this picture I was
like oh my God what does he do for
shoulders and of course a lot of real de
movements a lot of real de movements
ments and a lot of volume you got to
train shoulders with high volume I don't
care what split you on you will not grow
shoulders without high volume they're
one of the most slow twist uh musle
fibers out there type one than a
[ __ ] so you got to do a lot of
volume a lot of High Reps there's
another shot of his shoulders amazing
shoulder development all right at number
five we have none other than Phil heat
also very underrated when it comes to
shoulders you know people give him props
for his arms his upper chest you know
the his Olympia titles but I don't see a
lot of people give him Pros for as
[ __ ] delts you know give him credit
remember I was following Phil he when he
first came on the stage you know this
guy was narrow as hell everyone was
saying oh he's too narrow he's too this
he's too that he had to bring up his
shoulders as well as his back to be able
to stand on that stage and now he holds
some of the biggest shoulders out there
but once again Phil Heath even though
everybody here has good genetics come on
bro come on that's when he was playing
basketball guys everyone knows this
picture look at his shoulders back then
he had cap dels shooting basketballs
guys so you really got to thank for his
parent anyway up next we have another
bodybuilder that's very under [ __ ]
rated Ben [ __ ] [ __ ] I love this guy
not only because of his knowledge but
his shoulder and quad development are
you [ __ ] kidding me really Ben look
at his shoulders guys look at his delts
insane shoulder development and sure
enough he attributes his look at his
shoulder routines a lot of real delt
work you have to train us posterior delt
guys there goes another shot look at his
right arm look at it look at that cap
amazing amazing all right now we down to
the last three top three shoulders of
all time I had to put him at number
three Marcus [ __ ] Ru you guys
remember him from the late 90s early two
early 2000s Marcus ruled the giant
amazing shoulders I can't understand
like I can't fathom just look at the
size of his head compared to the size of
his shoulders if you need to like you
know to to actually compare to get a
good
perspective insane shoulder development
there goes the famous picture here
everyone has seen this [ __ ] picture
guys it you know it was everywhere when
it came out but mind you Dennis wol does
not have small shoulders but compared to
Marcus role look at the difference look
at the size look at the size of both
their heads and then look at the
shoulders cannonballs and
insane and at number two we have Flex
wheeler Flex wheeler I believe obviously
he's my you know I don't care what
nobody says best bodybuilder of all time
best bodybuilder of all time he's not my
number one of all time but I'm going be
honest with you guys he is when it comes
to the total package the best
bodybuilder of all time when it comes to
the balance between size Aesthetics all
of that [ __ ] but yes you know there's
some Sor allegations going blah blah
blah but you know let's just stay on
track he had some of the best shoulders
Johnny Jackson went to him and asked him
for shoulder advice and what did he tell
Johnny Jackson real delts you got to
train those real delts there goes
another shot of him insane shoulder
development finally at number one you
know who number one is guys cuz if I
didn't put him on the list yet you
already know he's at number one best
shoulders of all time also one of my
favorite bodybuilders in my top two
favorite bodybuilders of all time we
have Kevin levrone hands down drop the
[ __ ] mic guys bat shoulders bat
shoulders I remember when I first saw a
picture of Kevin Leon when I was a
little ass kid in the '90s you know
looking at I told you when I was little
I I love buff characters I had buff
action figures you know you better not
buy me a toy if it wasn't a buff action
figure you know I love buff cartoon
characters and then I saw a picture of
Kevin lone in the 990s I was like Jesus
Christ I want those shoulders one day he
has the best shoulders of all time by
far all right guys hope you love this
list I enjoyed putting it together uh
stay tuned for lags and I believe
forearms and all that other [ __ ]
also back I'm going to love the the best
backs of all time cuz that's also one of
my favorite body parts all right guys
like the video you fellow team 3D Alpha
Ty out there like the video comment
below let me know your top five shoulds
of all time and don't forget to share
subscribe all the other good [ __ ]
dominate guys segments so go in the
comment section and just vote vote on
what you think is your most requested uh
topic and then obviously the one that
has the most likes ones are going to you
prioritized in case let's
