hey guys going on Megan here all right
how much fat do you eat per day for
maximum testosterone production most
people obviously don't eat enough fats
obviously healthy fats to maximize
testosterone levels energy
um to take out the immune system you
know reducing inflammation all of the
benefits that you get from eating
healthy fats even cognitive function and
uh by looking at this pool here we can
see that at least 34 of people are not
getting enough fat so let me go through
each section show you guys why you want
to be in this Ranch and then I'm going
to look at the comments and answer some
frequently asked questions all right so
seven percent of you guys are eating
less than 50 grams that is horrible and
when I say fast I'm referring to Total
fat so monounsaturated fats obviously
saturated fats believe it or not even
though they're demonized they're not bad
in moderation and obviously uh
polyunsaturated you know fats you know
you don't want too much uh poofers you
know
watch the video that I made about that
uh you want to have a good omega-3 to
omega-6 ratio omega-3 being your fatty
fish mostly uh you should get the
majority of your make a threesome fatty
fish and obviously omega-6 being you
know your uh your seed oils you know you
don't want a lot of those but anyway so
let's take a look so under 50 grams
seven percent that's way too low keep in
mind I'm assuming the average person
right obviously the the optimal amount
of fat depends on your weight uh your
height your the amount of muscle you
have on you your testosterone levels
your goals but for the sake of the uh
for the sake of keeping this video short
and to the point I'm assuming the
average person right eating let's say
2500 calories a day
um some are going to be below that some
are going to be above but
for the average person less than 50
grams is too low and I know the
bodybuilding Community has uh you know
the enhanced bodybuilding Community has
perpetrated a myth that you could you
could be fine with low fats yeah it's
because they're injecting [ __ ]
testosterone guys use common sense right
if you're injecting testosterone
obviously uh your dad's gonna be
completely different than somebody who's
natural right they don't need to obsess
about getting enough micronutrients and
enough fats and you know having the
right ratio of everything because
they're already injecting the
testosterone right they don't have to
worry about LH and GnRH optimization and
late Excel function and all that stuff
so anyway so under 50 grams that's bad
seven percent 27 are eating between 50
to 80 grams of fats per day
um again that's not in a danger zone
right that's why I put young Kratos
young craters was still you know he was
still beastly you know he could still
[ __ ] your [ __ ] up but it's not optimal
right 58 50 to 80 grams depending on you
know again on your weight and you know
how many calories you burn a day
you know it's enough to get by but it's
not enough to maximize your testosterone
production right when we get to 80 to
110 grams so that's about 37 of you guys
which is actually pretty good uh now
we're talking right if you fall in that
range you're definitely getting enough
fats
um not to fully fully 100 maximize
testosterone right but again you don't
need to have you know gotcha Pig levels
of tea after time you just need enough
to fill your training to feel your uh to
keep you motivated you know to keep you
lean you know keep you strong
um so if you fall somewhere between 80
to 110 grams you're fine you're good to
go right
um
because that almost guarantees that
you're getting enough saturated fats
you're getting enough monounsaturated
fats which is what most people get
enough saturated fats right that don't
get enough monounsaturated fats that's
the issue you know don't get enough
olive oil avocados
um you know uh the good nuts things like
that so 80 to 110 grams if you land
somewhere in there again depending on
your on your body weight then you should
be fine and obviously over 110 grams
um within the reason of course right
again inverter you go to everything you
definitely getting more than enough fats
right
um unless you are [ __ ] dry then you
might need more but most people getting
more than 100 grams of fast per day are
getting enough fats you don't want you
don't want it to be too high right I
didn't put a limit here because again it
depends on so many things but you don't
want it too hot because then you're
getting less carbohydrates and less
protein and those also have an important
function in testosterone production but
it's actually good to see that 67 of
people right so this is actually pretty
decimal 67 percent of people are getting
enough fats for testosterone production
now as far as they're getting the good
fats yeah that's going to come down to a
different pool all right so let's look
at the comments and answer some of your
frequently asked questions all right
love these quizzes though you give away
the answers with the pictures in order I
would love to have more on the engineer
receptors and romances yeah yeah it's
definitely coming up I have a lot of
videos coming up on energy and receptors
it's just I I have to go back to the
beginner topics guys because believe it
or not when I try to get too advanced
most people that watch the readers are
beginners so they have no clue what I'm
talking about
um you should see some of the questions
I get in the Discord and the Reddit it's
mainly beginner questions that's why I
have to repeat myself over and over
again so that's why if you notice I took
a break from the advanced topics trust
me you guys know I'm a full nerd I would
love to go
um deep into the technicalities and you
know the the events uh you know um parts
of bodybuilding and hypertrophy genetics
whatever but again most of my audience
is beginners you know even when I say
Androgen receptors most of them are like
wait what you know so I have to go back
to the basics first and then once
everybody is caught up I could go back
to uh full-blown Sherlock swirl uh nerd
Megan all right so no point in having
hot assessment can use it now yep
correct
I found only gunning uh governmental
protein was pretty well probably should
try to get an idea yeah guys you just
gotta have an idea you don't have to
track you don't have to be taking Lucy
track everything every single day you
know the goal is to know the ranges
create a meal plan based on that and
then just try to eat that meal plan
every day or you know with some
obviously with some flexibility so the
key is not too obsess the key is to
create the idea meal plan right it'll
take you less than 30 minutes
and then try to replicate that every day
you know and then you could just swap
certain foods you know you don't have to
sit there and be like Oh am I getting in
a bull run am I getting enough zinc am I
gonna know just create a meal plan that
has all that and then just keep copying
and pasting that that's it
um the only thing I want people to track
is for people who are not disciplined by
people who eat a bunch of random [ __ ]
every day yeah if you eat a bunch of
random [ __ ] every day you have no idea
what you're doing then yeah you should
definitely try to make sure that you're
on point but anyway so I don't know why
you using Golem as low fat a lot of
fatty fish in the movies Golem is gold
in this situation that's true
uh this is an interesting topic I've
always thought around 90 to 100 Grand
range is an idea for me as far as I feel
something interesting to do
yeah that's another thing to do that's
when you increase your fat especially
saturated fat
you're gonna notice in your sex drive
you know it's one of the first things
that's going to be affected by that I'm
just going to go through the roof uh
better mostly removed I do want to buy
the effects for 7500
yeah I can make more videos about that
if I haven't already uh call for me are
essentially High fair I don't do well on
the carpenter like September yeah again
there's a lot of individual uh
differences but most people need enough
color especially if you try if you're
trying hard
again there's some outliers but we don't
talk about our lives we focus on the
meat if you train hard you need cops you
know because
um especially if you train frequently if
you don't train frequently then yeah you
know your body has enough time to
replenish glycogen stores uh but still
your cortisol is going to be too high
because your body's gonna need to spike
all the soul to free up you know um to
break down protein in fact to convert
into glucose so you don't want that you
don't want cortisol constantly elevated
right that's one of the benefits of
eating your carbs is you tell anybody
hey I don't need to have my coat of so
high all the time because I'm providing
you the glucose that you need to
replenish liver glycogen and to
replenish muscle glycogen whereas when
you go on a low carb diet yeah you still
survive but God you know your recovery
is gonna
tank you know because your body is like
hey I need time I need time I gotta
replenish this glycogen Source
um
if you look at athletes think about look
at all the high level athletes guys
they're all eating high-carb diet anyway
this video is not about
uh carbs so let's stay focused I mean
can you make a video on looking at the
fabric fertility uh sure many games are
okay to eat a whole pack pack 100
seconds a day it depends on the ratio it
depends on the balance if you're eating
a balanced diet I don't care what you
eat as long as it's balanced
um
and um let's see me again with the
respect to be recommended between 15 and
30 minutes in a minute you guys going
from fat if my maintenance cows are 2400
that means on the low end I'm only
getting uh 40 grams of fat in the high
and 80 grams of fat can you explain this
other higher Rangers only yeah it's
mostly for people that have a lot of
muscle mass you know um of people that
and keep in mind you don't you don't
train if you train every day then the
ratio is going to be different right
because you train every single day and
I'm talking about like heart training oh
I'm doing arms or I'm doing your
shoulders if you do full body or upper
lower or push pull every day
um your carbs I mean your fat is going
to be towards the low end you know by
the way I typically recommend 20 to 40
you know
um but your fat could be on the lower
end because you need room for
carbohydrates right it also depends if
you bulk and it depends on so many
factors you know are you barking are you
cutting but uh as long as you're in that
20 to 40 range even 15 or 30 you know
even though I won't go to 15 that's
that's overdoing it the only time I have
somebody on 15 of calories from fats is
if they're in the Surplus they're
getting a ton of calories and therefore
that 15 of calories is actually a lot of
fat you know what I mean but if you have
maintenance I I won't I won't go below
20 of calories and fats
um let's see um
so I don't know if I'm answering your
questions I'm only getting I'm reading
through these questions too fast but
let's see I'm only getting 40 grams of
fat yeah 40 grams is low I mean unless
you weigh like dude unless you weigh
like 100 pounds man like 40 grams of fat
is pretty low because that means you're
definitely not getting enough moofers
right mono and saturated fats all
saturated fats you know
but uh yeah I need to have more
information about you next a minimum of
80 grams at least a day but I usually
get over 100 almonds walnuts eggs fish
peanut butter Dairy avocado eating
regular nice nice
felt like ass when I originally lost all
my weight because I obliterated my fat
intake to 25 to 30 grams yeah you'd be
surprised how many people are eating
super low fat because they saw their
favorite enhanced bodybuilder on [ __ ]
two grams of steroids eating a low low
fat diet you know we've all been there
when I was a teenager too and I didn't
know any of this I actually just copy
whatever I saw the enhanced bodybuilders
do you know because we thought hey
they're big I want to get big I'm just
going to do what they do
but they died
is so suboptimal it is horrible you know
low in micronutrients low in
monounsaturated fats low in saturated
fats so never make that mistake guys
that's one of the reasons why tea levels
are you know
so low and I told you it's always so
it's almost always a nutrient thing
lifestyle second
next uh 70 of my calories from eggs
at first glance I thought 110 movement
that's ridiculous but I probably get 50
grams in my diet that I remembered all
the oil in my cooking ooh careful with
the oil that you're using hopefully
you're not referring to seed oils
that she honestly no look at it when I
took America as long as I eat food
You're Gonna recognizing someone good
um actually if you feel great your
energy levels are great your tea levels
are great Your Hand Group strength is
great then yeah you don't have to double
check but if it's declining those things
are declining yeah you might have to
track because most people only start
noticing when it's too late
let's see I eat over 100 grams a day
most of my friends come from beef I
usually get it let me see
all right I'm gonna start looking for
only the top comments uh
I'm about God damn 300 degrees of fat
holy [ __ ] uh whatever works for you you
know as long as you like say if you feel
great
look great
um
so that matters
um let's see remember all the guidelines
I give you guys these are just Rangers
based on based on the average person you
know at the end of the day you got to
pick what works for you uh because
everyone is different you know all of my
clients are on different you know
protocols you know there's an underlying
theme there's a Common Thread
um but they're not eating the exact same
amount of carbs protein fats you know
even if they're the same way it depends
on so many factors uh the end goal is
what matters though the end goal is do
they feel great are they making progress
you know and then I move around the
nutrients to achieve that goal
but you don't have to be a rocket
scientist to figure that out you just
gotta know just again basic you know
human physiology
uh let's see all right I think that's
most of the
let me see
yeah I think that's most of the top
comments all right hope this video helps
let's move on to the next one don't
forget to join the Discord post the
video request there and join the Reddit
as well support the channel if you want
if not the information is free anyway
you can find it on my articles and
Discord or Reddit all that stuff all
right I'm out of here all right guys
don't forget to like or share the video
subscribe and hit the bell and buy my
HSB nucleus of a little training program
it's the ultimate program for maximum
muscle growth it includes full body
workout splits bro splits Push Pull home
workouts you name it also comes with a
complete guide for macros nutrition fat
loss muscle growth hormones including a
meal plan it's pretty much all my 16
years of experience condensed into one
[ __ ] book you're also gonna get free
copies of any future Edition so visit
team3dalpha.com and you can use the 40
off coupon code nucleus overload or you
could just buy the share full price all
right guys I'm out of here
