hey guys what's going on Megan here all
right the 20 most popular actually it's
more than 20 but most popular
testosterone booster supplements and I'm
going to rank them based on whether
you're wasting your money or not I want
to go from garbage all the way to gr
when am I going to use to rank this I'm
going to use the scientific literature
and my two decades of experience doing
this [ __ ] all right let's get straight
to it so you guys already know how I
feel about supplements right to me
they're too risky you know um so you
should only pick them you should only
focus on them if the ROI is worth it
right I make another list where I just
focus on return on investment but for
this one I'm going to look at
Effectiveness is it effective how do we
know if it's effective I'm not using
anecdotes I'm using data actual
objective research the scientific
literature human randomized control
trials where we giving one group of
placebo and the other group the
supplement right and I need those
repeated over and over again for me to
be confident right I don't care about
one random study from 1933 okay I don't
care about a random study right that's a
case study or that's not peer reviewed
or whatever no I want high quality
research and ideally meta analysis all
right so that's how you remove the noise
the the uh the BS promotions out there
from what actually works all right so
let's pick um let's pick them a random
all right creatine so for some reason
people Market creatine as a testosterone
booster it's not really a testosterone
booster can it increase testosterone of
course but it'll be indirectly it'll be
indirectly you know through multiple
mechanisms uh but as far as a direct St
one booster no so even though I
recommend creatine I think everyone
should be on Creatine um obviously not
medical advice uh it's not promoted as a
justone booster right and it's not
really a justone booster it has a lot of
effects uh cognitively cognitive effects
it has a lot of effects on muscle mass a
lot of effects on myio Statin a lot of
effects on energy levels um well
researched but it's not a testosterone
booster per se um as far as DHT again I
told you guys you cannot use one study
to make conclusions there's one study
that shows that [ __ ] increased DHT
that study number one was never
replicated so that's a big reped flag
and number two it's old as [ __ ] right so
wait until more studies come out trust
me if creatin Boost DHD I'll be the
first to make a video about it because
you guys know team DHT over here all
right so I'm going to put creatine at
good but not Forest St on boosting right
for mainly all the other effects and
benefits creatin has all right next we
have Hony gold weed I'm going to put
that that waste your money right it's
not effective at boosting testosterone
on humans that is and the magnitude even
if it does increase testosterone the
magnitude is not enough to make it work
well some people get you know effects
from it but it's hard to tell if it's
placeable or not if you look at the
scientific literature on humans not just
on animals right I always look at both
it's not a great testosterone booster
next we have magnesium I'm going to put
it at Great not just because of its
effect on testosterone but because of
its effect on free testosterone right
sex hormone body and globulin but also
it effects on Health in general and most
of you guys believe it or not not eating
enough magnesium so I'm going to put it
at
Great next we have fedia I'm going to
put waste of money you wasting your
money guys oh I'm so mad for the people
who promoted this thing guys fedia has
no
peer-reviewed human randomiz control
tries right let alone double blind
studies let alone crossover studies we
need more evidence I'm not saying it
doesn't work right but as of right now
you wasting your money we have animal
studies on it but even those are not
conclusive CU they do show a lot of
toxicity risk right so F those gr says
for boosting testosterone in humans you
wasting your money as of right now if
new research comes out I'd be the first
to make a video saying all right guys we
have emerging evidence um from
well-designed World control studies as
of right now all you're getting is
placeo not to mention you're getting the
risk as well
next we have dipic acid diasporic acid
I'm putting at waste of money right
years years years ago I think one or two
studies came out showing the benefit and
everyone went crazy but emerging
research came and showed that no there's
no significant benefit onto St one at
least not long term uh so that's another
reason why I keep telling you guys you
can't just pick one study and be like
see one study said this the whole goal
of science is to replicate things it has
to be replicated right because the
sample sizes on most studies are too
small so you can't just use one stud we
need multiple so as of right now if
you're buying diasporic AET for TAS
you're wasting your money again if more
research comes out I'll be the first to
tell you I'm not biased I'm not
sponsored by any of these [ __ ]
companies I have no dog in this fight
next you have zma now this one is tricky
I'm going to put it at gambling right
and the only reason why it's even high
is because it has zinc and magnesium
which are obviously great to Stell some
boosters but as far as most ZM
supplements out there based on the
studies the body of evidence um you
gambling right you might get an effect
you might not so I'm going to put that
gambling next we have ashwa gandha
unfortunately yeah and I have to
unfortunately this one is that good
right because again I have to be B I
mean sorry I have to be objective is
that a food and slip um it has a lot of
studies on it has a lot of animal
studies a lot of human
studies and um the effect is also pretty
good right you're getting around you
know 20% boost in t on average again
it's not huge it's not massive but that
is going from 1,000 to 1200 right which
is decent um so the only reason why I'm
putting it at good is because again it
has a lot of human studies animal
studies um it has a lot of RCT so it's
not just random human studies it's
randomiz control trials and it's also
showing an effectum cortisol and other
things so it is a good supplement of
course like every supplement you got to
make sure you're getting it from a good
source cuz a lot of them are underdosed
a lot of uh supplement companies put a
lot of uh toxic Metals you know whether
they do it on purpose or not um and
remember supplements are not regulated
so you got to be very careful make sure
you're getting it from a trusted source
and make sure you cycling them [ __ ]
right you don't want to take them every
[ __ ] day for the rest of your life uh
all right so I'm going to put that one
at good uh next we have Bain all right
I'm also going to put that at good
because we have a lot of studies on it
including most recent one that I posted
in the uh I think I posted in the school
Community by the way join the school
Community while it's still free won't be
free for a long time if it's not in the
school Community I think I post it on
Instagram but yeah there's a recent
study that came out I think about two
three years ago uh and it was also
replicated showing great effects not
just on testosterone but also on
cortisol the reason I'm not putting it
in Great is once again even though the
studies were good I need more
data um next we have uh Boron I'm also
going to put Boron at Boron I'm going to
put at great I'm going to put B at great
because most of you guys are not getting
enough B from your diet anyway and um I
tend to put dietary uh micronutrients
higher than regular herbs and
supplements right because you need them
not just for tone but for other
functions so Boron amazing for
testosterone amazing for DHD free
testosterone lowering inflammation uh
modulating SBG modulating and the
looking six blah blah blah great great
great nutrient and again you can get it
from foods which is what I always tell
people get the majority of your
nutrients from foods not supplements um
supplements should be a backup plan
right I use supplements myself but again
as a backup plan if there's a bad day
wasn't able to hit my macros and my
micros then I supplement with these
[ __ ] right but most of the time uh
hope Foods um and for the reasons I
explained before next we have fan Greek
I'm going to put that one at gambling
because unfortunately the study the
studies are high right there's a lot of
studies on F Greek I was actually
surprised right there's a lot of studies
on F Greek compared to like 10 years ago
there was not a lot now there's a ton of
studies on F Greek and overall they do
show a benefic effect on testosterone
but the mechanisms are still unclear in
fact some of them even show a decrease
in DHD which obviously we're not about
that life so uh so you kind of gambling
right you might take F Greek you know
and get on the fact uh or you might not
you know so I'm going to put in gambling
and I'll move it higher when more
research comes out next we have sheit
guys oh my goodness again
sheit somewhere between waste of money
and gambling for now I'm going to put in
waste of money and I'm going tell you
what even though even though the the
supplement is promising which is
promising if you look at the actual
studies again it's all about the rcts if
you look at the randomiz control trials
first of all we don't have a lot on
um and two the effect is not even
massive right so it's similar to the
effect of as Gonda in terms of magnitude
of this increase but it does not have as
many studies as Ash Guna does right Ash
G has a ton of studies behind it um so
for now I'm putting shiit at waste of
money until we get quality research on
humans uh and until they're replicated
in that case I'm going to move it higher
it might go to to Great you know again
I'm objective no dog in this fight next
we have Sy same thing same thing waste
some money oh man that's how you know
guys this is how you know that Fitness
influences are full of [ __ ] you want to
find frauds look at people who promote
products that don't have a lot of
evidence behind it they're just looking
for the next SK to promote for views and
clicks they don't give a [ __ ] about your
health they don't give a [ __ ] about the
side effects if they did they will wait
for data before they promote something
you know how many influencers out there
are promoting these supplements even
though when you just take you just spend
an hour looking at the literature they
don't even hold up a candle to the
things up there right but that's the
word that we live in influencers don't
care about their audience they just care
about views and clicks guys there's a
ton of stuff out there that I would love
to make videos on you want to know why I
don't because the research is not up to
date yet the research is not fully
supported them right so I could go out
there and make videos on them be like oh
this booster star on 300% to get views
and clicks and sales but I'll be lying
to my audience
right so anybody who's recommending
these things they frauds now if they're
making a video saying Hey we're not sure
about this you know try see what happens
then that's a different story but anyone
who's saying definitively like oh yeah
this increases the size on they are full
of [ __ ] or they can't interpret the
literature next we have JY saying same
thing so far waste of money right uh not
enough human studies and the few human
studies we have the few studies we have
don't even show a massive increase in
testosterone right and again not only we
trying to increase testas and remember
we also trying to increase n Androgen
status which is all that matters at the
end your Androgen receptor signaling as
well as your anti as well as reducing
your anti- androgens all right next we
have caffeine believe it or not this one
is going to stck a lot of people
caffeine goes in good right we have a
lot of data showing caffeine increasing
testosterone the reason I'm not putting
it in Great is because one you can't
take it all the time right uh you're
going to become desensitized to it but
two if you take too much caffeine you're
actually going to interfere with sleep
and you might actually increase cortisol
so that's the only reason I'm not
putting it in great but uh it's
definitely good because it works on
train man it works on normal man it
works on animals um and it has some
effects on reducing uh estral the main
estrogen same thing with coffee right
main active ingredient is caffeine so
coffee also goes in good right has a lot
of benefits coffee actually has
antioxidants believe it or not but
people overdo it people abuse coffee and
caffeine
and not only they get desensitized but
they upregulate their C so too much so
I'm going to put it at good just be
careful it's an inverted you curve to
everything here on this list next we
have L cartine now that one is not
promoted it's not marketed it's a just
St some booster mainly marketed as an
androgen receptor booster but keep in
mind guys the reason why cartin
increases Androgen receptors is mainly
because it's an antioxidant it has
antioxidant properties that's all it is
so I'm going to put cartin at gambling
for now because even though we we have a
lot of data on carnitine we don't have
we don't have a lot of direct data on
carnitine increasing testosterone we
have some on carnitine increasing
Androgen receptors but like I said it's
mainly through his antioxidant effect
right so we need studies that compare
cartine to other antioxidants to see if
cartin is increasing enogen receptors
more than just your generic antioxidants
so for now I'm going to put that
gambling also you could just get it from
State guys you're getting a lot of
cartine from stake um and don't worry
about the bioavailability thing right
the the cartine from red meat is a lot
more available than the one from
supplements anyway next we have vitamin
D3 obviously great everybody should be
on vitamin D I made a whole video years
ago about sunlight and vitamin D watch
that so I don't go into too many details
but that one has a ton of evidence and
the magnitude is uh it's it's pretty
good uh next we have uh Tribulus to
restis I can't pronounce that [ __ ] for
the life for me that one I'm going to
put at gambling right we do have some
data on humans and on rats uh some are
showing an increase in testosterone some
are not some are showing uh no change in
testerone but an increase in uh net
Inogen signaling so sex drive goes up
mood energy things like that so I'm
going to put in gambling for now until
we get more
research so if you have the money to
throw at it go for it again I'm not
recommended by any of these Brands these
are just random pictures I got from
Google Images right so I'm not promoting
or recommending any of these brands do
your own research [ __ ] all right next
we have Mara root way some money was
some money right now the research is not
conclusive on the effect of MOT on
testosterone next we have your standard
testosterone boosters right I don't care
what company's from garbage garbage and
I'm going tell you why one we don't have
literally studies showing uh a specific
companies testone boosters right we
don't have a lot of rcts on that uh if
we do then it's probably one to two and
that's not enough it's not even enough
to do a met analysis so for me I dismiss
it number two they're massively
underdose
massively under dose I've been telling
you guys about this for years and I'm
proven right year after year most
supplements are underdose that's why I
keep saying you wasting your money you
know even if you think it's a trusted
source so garbage so not only you're not
getting a big increase into St so I'm
assuming you have a healthy diet
lifestyle whatever but you it's on the
dose you're wasting your money so
garbage next we have uh the [ __ ] is this
one oh turone oh my goodness don't get
me started even though I'm a big
promoter of aistone anone from Foods as
well as using it to boost testosterone
from a supplement garbage garbage what
are you guys doing I told you time and
time again to avoid spending money on
aistone or testerone supplements I've
been telling you guys this since day one
before it was even popular before all
the snake or salesmen hopped on it go
watch my videos well I told you guys get
it from Whole Foods right now you're not
going to get a massive dose from Whole
Foods but based on the studies you're
getting enough to have a bioavailable
effect okay okay avoid using turist to
on testas on Boost testas on I challenge
you to find one just one human
randomized control Tri that shows
testerone or ayone increasing
testosterone just find one I wait [ __ ]
exactly you didn't find one cuz it
doesn't exist it's all a lie guys just
stealing your money now does that mean
that aerone and turone don't have
positive effects of course not they have
a ton of positive effects I made a again
multiple videos on that you could check
them out but I do not recommend you get
them from supplements for the simple
fact that they're underdose and again we
don't have studies comparing those
supplements to uh to play seos as far as
you know their effects on
testosterone uh next we have uh ton Ali
now this one is going to go in good
right again I was surprised years ago
because again you guys know I keep up
with the literature I'm reading 10 or 20
studies a day minimum so every study
that comes out in testerone is going
through my desk and unfortunately watch
but ton actually uh passes a lot of
tests there's a lot of studies on there
a lot of rat studies a lot of human
studies and they're showing uh
consistent increase in testosterone now
it also depends on the dose right some
studies don't show a big increase but if
you look at the studies uh the dose is
not high enough also it's one of the few
supplements that shows an increase in
testosterone even if uh the person is
healthy and young right cuz most studies
on tone are done like old men who are
full of inflammation and stuff so it's
one of the few supplements that shows an
increase in tea um and also an increase
in free toest that's on as well right
which is OB more important even if the
person is healthy now of course as
always more studies is better but as of
right now I will put it in good based on
the literature right I got to be
objective next we have zinc zinc I'm
going to put it in great right ton of
studies on humans and on animals uh if
if you need to know why zinc increases
testosterone then yeah you lay to the
party watch all my videos on it ton of
studies on it and the magnitude is huge
now of course if you have enough zinc in
your diet then more zinc is not going to
do anything but that applies to
everything right and last but not least
the best testone boosting supplement of
all time is a freaking healthy balanced
diet that's it that's the king of
testone boosters all right that's it
hope this video helps join the school
Community while it's still free support
the channel by buying the ebooks my
testosterone. ebook and uh visit the
website for coaching consultation all
that stuff huge huge sale all right
peace out guys
