no no fire for semen retention does not
increase testosterone 400 percent guys
this is how quickly misinformation
spreads
Andrew huberman lied I don't want to say
he lied I think it was an honest mistake
um because I'm pretty sure he I mean he
seems like a nice guy so I don't think
he deliberately uh went out and made
that lie so we'll just say it was an
honest mistake but once again this is
why you have to fact check things guys
no fabins or semen retention does not
increase testosterone 400 percent you
have to be insane to believe that and
once again people took it ran with it
without doing fact checking guys this is
why
I can't stand misinformation because it
spreads so fast we live in a tick tock
generation with nobody fact checks
everyone just hears something believes
it and say well it came from a credible
person it must be true guys even
credible people make mistakes for those
who need contacts not too long ago
Andrew huberman actually I think it was
last year I don't remember because I've
been bombarded with requests to make a
video on this and I thought it would
eventually die out which is why I never
did I was like no you know people are
not that stupid they'll figure out that
he just made a mistake but no apparently
people believe
um that no Fab or cement retention
increases to thousand four hundred
percent and where Andrew got that
information from is from once again this
study which I debunked a while back what
man who did semen retention for seven
days got a 45 increase in testosterone
on the seventh day and I made a video
about that right because the the authors
of the study were a bit deceptive they
put 145 percent of Baseline because they
wanted it to be like a wah Factor when
really anybody who does math knows what
this means it means a 45 increase and if
you actually read the study inside the
study even the authors say it was a 45
increase but on the abstract because
they know a lot of you don't read the
whole study they know a lot of you guys
were just gonna look at the abstract and
run with it they put 145 percent of base
of Baseline it's very deceptive but if
you actually read the studies 45 and
even if you don't read the study you
just look at basic terminology look they
said reaching 145 of the Baseline a
hundred percent of the Baseline means
one it means a number didn't change 145
percent of the Baseline means the number
one about 45 and you should see how many
people took that study I mean the whole
no foul Community was started off this
fatty off of a lie it wasn't 145 and
you'd be amazed at how many people made
videos about this wrote articles I saw
it all over Reddit I saw it on articles
everyone said oh see my rejection 145
increase no it's a 45 increase and it
went right back down where I explained
that a 45 increase simply means your
testosterone levels are going from let's
say 500 to 725 and it only lasted for
one day after a day it came right back
down but anyway so based on this 40
increase Andrew huberman
made a mistake and said 400 increase and
it happens mistakes happen but my
complaint is one he never rectified the
mistake so he let the LIE spread I'm
pretty sure people called him out on it
because anyone who's been studying
testosterone for as long as I have
because the research testosterone for
almost 20 years right I know I
understand this molecule at the back of
my [ __ ] hand I know every guy I've
read thousands and thousands not
hundreds thousands of studies and
articles and testosterone over the years
and there's not a single study that
shows that no Fab or semi retention or
abstinence from whatever increases
testosterone by 400 and have all the
sources to back it up remember my three
favorite molecules are testosterone
myostatin and dopamine I've studied
those like the back of my hand if you're
gonna say something about those
molecules make sure you have sources
make sure you have citations and in that
case he just made a big mistake and just
go to YouTube and type neuroscientists
nofap uh 400 semen retention there are
dozens of videos where people just
copying and pasting what he said we're
not fact tracking it was a 40 increase
in fact if you look at the actual study
there it is look you can look at the
extra study you could get it in Chinese
you go you could also get the English
version doesn't matter right and you can
see it here that started at 374 and it
went as high on look on the seventh day
it went to 5 24. pull out your [ __ ]
calculator and do the math from 374 to
524 it's roughly 40 and for your retails
out there the authors of the study even
put a graph look on the seventh day you
got a spike from roughly 374 375 right
you get a 40 percentage Spike and right
back down but some people took the study
and said 145 increase because they only
looked at the abstract and it
misinterpreted what the sentence meant
and some like you've been made a mistake
and said 400 and look how many this
makes me so mad look how many [ __ ]
YouTubers made videos saying oh look
there's a [ __ ] neural scientists do
you guys have any idea what 400 is 400
is massive it's a five times increase
calculator
400 is a five times increase that means
if your testosterone level is a 500
they're going to go to 2 500 to put that
in perspective guys that is the level
that you get from blasting 500 to at
least 600 milligrams of testosterone
every week that is five to six times the
standard TLT dose I repeat you need to
inject five to six hundred milligrams of
testosterone depending on the personal
genetics of course the varies to have t
levels in that range in a two thousand
three thousand right that is bodybuild
the cycle type of [ __ ] Granite
bodybuilders go up to as much as a
thousand milligrams of testosterone
right but I digress so do you get did
you guys honestly believe that you could
reach [ __ ] bodybuilder ifbb Pro
levels of testosterone from just no fat
for semen retention what happened to
critical thinking did I have to make
this video did I what happened in
critical thinking what happened to basic
critical thinking and again I don't
blame Andrew human for making that
mistake everybody makes mistakes what
I'm upset about is one one again the
fact that he did not Rectify even though
he knows I'm pretty sure when he made
that statement every testosterone expert
probably contacted him and was like hey
are you sure about this okay can you
show that study so one he didn't
rectified and two people just ran with
it right and which is also why everyone
who repeats that quote cannot give you a
source I challenge you Google anybody
who said that she may returns to the
nofap increases to stop someone by 400
and ask them for the source I guarantee
you I swear on everything that I love
they will not show you a search you
wonder why because they lie it's all
about views and it's all about saying
the most outrageous thing to give use
including making up a study that never
[ __ ] happened and trust me like I
said this is not a person that I know
who's read more studies on this lesson
than I have and I wasn't even major it's
just my obsession I love this [ __ ] guys
that's why people who are obsessed will
always give you better information than
most experts why because the experts
have their reputation on the line
whereas whereas guys like us will just
obsessed we just care about the truth
because we're obsessed about it we just
care about the truth if I'm wrong I'm
gonna make a video the very next day and
be like hey guys I [ __ ] up I'm wrong
let's move on right because I'm a troop
Seeker I love the truth whereas experts
have their reputation to protect so
they're afraid to come out and say oh
[ __ ] I lied or I [ __ ] up you know
where's me I don't give a [ __ ] if
anything being wrong makes me better
because now I get to improve and I get
to give you guys better information but
yeah it was a 45 increase guys not 400
and even at 45 increase was nothing
compared to the other methods that
increased testosterone and the second
study that looked that same immigration
by the way there's only two in fact
there's only two studies two human
studies that looked at the effects of
human retention on testosterone this was
the first one and it has a ton of Errors
look it was even retracted you know so I
can make a separate video about because
the others were acting no shady and [ __ ]
but there goes the second study that
showed that after three weeks of semen
retention there was Zero changes to
assessment like not even a five percent
difference right between the black ball
and the white ball by the way this is
the same people who actually did a study
so it was the same people in this group
and the same people in that group and
you can see after three weeks of semen
retention there was barely any
difference in testosterone levels and
then they watched the pawn clip
right and you can see this is the week
when they did semen retention
right after three weeks and this is the
week when it was actually the same
subjects and this is the week when I
didn't do uh semen retention and you can
see like there's a there was a dip here
as they were watching the video they
watched a video around this area here
and then they masturbated around this
area and as you can see you might think
this is a big difference when you look
at the week when they did semen
retention and the week when it did it
but guess what it's only it's less than
a 20 change and this is after watching
the video before watching the porn video
the testosterone levels were exactly the
same before three weeks of semen
retention and after three weeks to see
my magician there it is right here and
after they watch the porn video
right on the week that I did see my
retention the tea levels were about 15
to 17 higher mainly because they were
[ __ ] hornier but after that it goes
right back to equal which is why I keep
telling you year after year this nofap
semi retention [ __ ] is such a scam
guys it's turned into a religion now
don't get me wrong like I would say
there are benefits if you're addicted to
porn obviously you should cut back but
this mythical belief that oh you're
gonna get to shoot Superman sparking
it's BS it's BS in fact look at the top
10 largest testosterone increases that
we've seen in the literature
right and I've compiled this shot
because I have once again I have
hundreds of studies on what impacts
testosterone I'm the testosterone guy
and look the largest increase that we've
seen in every study done so far on
humans that is was from competition
this guy was [ __ ] playing chess and
he got a 700 increase in free
testosterone right and again he was an
outlier because the average group
increase was not that high after that
you have pro-hormones so like DHEA and
stuff like that fat loss and a healthy
diet the largest increase we've seen was
about a 200 increase but that was a
combination of anything it was fat loss
healthy diet antioxidants a lot of stuff
all right then you have antioxidants by
themselves almost a 200 increase right
specifically betaine you have zinc one
of the largest increases that we've seen
was about 150 I could make a whole video
about this guy if you want because you
guys know I'm a nerd when it comes to
this I love this [ __ ] I love studying
testosterone right nearly two decades
studying this [ __ ] right and look where
nofap ranks at the absolute bottom it
doesn't make the top 10 I had to put it
here so you guys can see the comparison
it's not even in the top 10. not to
mention that they had to wait seven days
to get a 45 Spike when this guy here got
it in one day right lifting hard a high
volume compound leg brutal workout
the biggest increase that we've seen was
about a hundred percent
133 increase in testosterone right and
this is only in less than an hour so why
wait seven days to get 45 Spike that's
going to come right back down when you
can get a 130 Spike anywhere from 100 to
130 and just in less than an hour from
just lifting weights sex itself
increases testosterone by about 70 I
already made a video about that and one
guy in that group got a 100. percent
increase about I think it's about 109
whatever I made a video about it so if
you want the details check out the video
somewhere between 100 and 109 from one
of the guys he was an outlier but the
average group got a 70 increase from
just having sex in just one hour and
then you got sunlight sleeping usually a
60 increase 60 to 65 increase some
studies give you a 50 increase right
some God I lead the biggest increase
that we've seen so far in men was about
60 and that's mainly free testosterone
right so there are so many things and I
can make a video about each and every
one of these things guys just again go
in the Discord and requested on the
Reddit whatever
but each of these things is going to
increase testosterone way more than
semen retention oh no fat and like I
said there's only two studies two
studies on semen retention slash nofap
and people act like there's like a
million studies on there and the
research is conclusive whatever just two
studies and even and again in those two
studies as you can see barely any
difference after three weeks if you do
no fiber then you watch porn then yeah
you have a slightly about 15 to 17
increase in testosterone because again
you haven't beat your meat in three
weeks but again after three weeks it's
just back to Baseline and obviously
you had a study here that's it just two
studies the semen retention nofap called
drives me insane and guys I'm all about
self-improvement I'm all about
self-development that's literally what
my channel is about helping men increase
this testosterone increase that muscle
mass increase the happiness everything
that makes you better man that is
literally my life's passion so if no
fabric semen retention actually worked I
would be the number one proponent I
would be the the first guy telling you
guys go ahead and do it been there done
that it is such a scam that took most of
the benefits from nofap are not from
nofap they come from three things number
one obviously the placebo effect right
and guys there's so much it's funny
there's so much research
clearly debunking no fire for human
retention in fact there's one study that
came out recently that showed that the
side of the internet that has the most
misinformation that is so inaccurate is
actually SEMA mutation if I find a study
I put it up on the screen you could look
it up it's a recent study it showed that
the corner of the internet on Tick Tock
social media with the most
misinformation the most inaccurate
information is semen retention and nofap
and are we surprised but anyway like I
was saying there are three reasons why
nofap quote-unquote Works number one
placebo effect obviously people believe
that they're going to get results number
two is the status spot see when humans
believe that they've achieved something
hard they get an increase in
testosterone no matter what it is you
could create any value system you could
create a value system where you gotta
spend five times in a row without
getting dizzy the moment you achieve
that
if you see that as a great achievement
you're going to get an increase in
testosterone this is partly why
competition increases testosterone's
poly while winning increases
testosterone it doesn't matter what it
is it could be video games it could be
chess anytime humans achieve something
that that perceived is important and
hard we're going to boost into
testosterone so it's not nofap that's
increasing these gas testosterone it's
just the feeling that they've achieved
something of value and there are so many
studies showing different examples of
how people got an increase in
testosterone by winning in things that
were normally meaningless but because it
was important to that person they got a
boost so it's not the no fat that's
creating the Boost it's the feeling of
oh look I accomplished something and if
you want to do no fat for that reason
then by all means go but don't spread
misinformation and the third reason why
nofap quote-unquote works and this is
literally the most important one is
because when people start nofap most of
the time they also start cleaning up
their life at the same time so it's a
confining variable so when it's done no
Fab they also start exercising they also
start eating healthier they also stop
going out more and it is those things
that increase the testosterone because
those things are actually proven to
increase testosterone going out getting
more sunlight being less stressed
exercising walking being less sedentary
so what's happening is that they're
getting the increase in testosterone
from those activities but because they
started nofap at the same time they
attributed to nofap confirmation bias
that's how religious gets started that's
how that's why there's so many [ __ ]
religions in the world one person was
will tell you hey do you know that if
you sneeze you're gonna get money the
next day people will sneeze get no money
the next day but 10 years later one of
those [ __ ] will sneeze get money the
next day and be like see see sneezing
leads to getting paid the next day
correlation doesn't mean causation so
once again guys I'm not against nofap
I'm against misinformation if you want
to know if I do it you want to do semen
retention do it but don't [ __ ] lie to
people and make up studies that never
existed or missed quote studies to take
an entire young man that oh look you got
to do this thing you're not gonna get
the shoe spike and testosterone wrong if
fact there are so many studies showing
the benefits of fapping the benefits of
masturbation humans have been beating at
me since the beginning of time I could
make so many videos on this
the ancient Greeks the ancient Egyptians
the Romans Gladiators guys oh God but
anyway guys I don't I don't make this
video too long once again it was a 40 it
was a 40 increase after seven days not a
400 increase plus the 40 increase went
right back down the same day plus many
other things give you a much bigger
increase in less than an hour see you in
the Discord see you in the Reddit I'm
out of here alright guys don't forget to
like or share the video subscribe and
hit the bell and buy my HSB nucleus
overload training program she also made
a program for maximum muscle growth it
includes full body workouts Bliss bro
splits push-pull home workouts you name
it also comes with a complete guide for
macros nutrition fat loss monster growth
hormones including a meal plan it's
pretty much all my 16 years of
experience condensed into one [ __ ]
book you're also gonna get free copies
of any future Edition so visit
team3dalpha.com and you can use the 40
version of coupon code nucleus overload
or you could just buy the share full
price all right guys I'm out of here
