hey guys going on Meighan here alright
you guys voted for the next cheer list
and it was best exercises of all chop
sort of very best exercises
unfortunately I can't do every single
exercise it just is just way too many so
I figured we're just gonna do one body
part at a time so this one is on chest
since it's the most popular the most
requested one and then you know we'll do
back biceps shoulders whatever you guys
just fold in the comment section for
body part you want next so we're gonna
do a long series on different body parts
there maybe at the end you know I might
do a whole you know a whole different
video on the best of the best you know
based on it's alright stay tuned let's
get straight to it now what criteria my
using because the end of the best
exercises relative right it depends on a
lot of things depends on I mean do you
have injuries what are your goals are
you are you trying to maximize trans for
hypertrophy or you pretty much how often
are you training per week I mean like so
many things going to exercise selection
so many things your your engagin etics
you know do you have short arms long
arms so many things so that's why when
I'm writing programs for people that
write ask so many questions in a
questionnaire because I want to make
sure that the best exercise is the one
for you as opposed to generic ass
movements alright so to keep this list
free from bias and objective I'm gonna
use three criteria one how effective it
is right keep it simple is it an
effective exercise I do what we want
which is to get a big chest - how
efficient is it you know so is it an
efficient exercise that's it you know if
you can only use one movement for the
rest of your life as that movement good
enough you know does it we put all the
muscles you know that's great it's gonna
allow you to accumulate volume another
body part and finally hop you know how
easy it is to progressively overload or
is it an exercise that's very easy to
increase wraps or weight on over time so
those are the top two karate I'm gonna
use and remember we're using the same
you know we using these top five it's my
criteria I'm about to not that's the
very best one [ __ ] amazing up there
okay it's right in the middle bad is
just you know
Spencer II and obviously pure garbage is
who we've hit that is [ __ ] exercise
so let's get straight to it all right so
let's see flat dumbbell press I'm gonna
put flat dumbbell press add um so let's
say a city Factory is very effective I'm
talking to chest in fact it's more
effective I took in the chest and flat
bench press because of a range of motion
and also you were using a lot of
stabilizer muscles so I'm gonna put it
out [ __ ] amazing it's a really good
exercise sadly it gets really really
hard to progressively overload over time
you get to a point where you spent so
much energy just trying to you know
lower the weight from the stop position
and all that stuff and a lot of people
also get injured literally just bringing
her way down some people even if they're
not used to the movement that would miss
the bench as they're laying down it's
just a weird movement when you start to
go really [ __ ] heavy but if you use
it a lot I mean used to it's a really
good exercise alright so we're gonna put
them on a [ __ ] amazing a barbell
bench press the incline version I'm
gonna put that one I'm also gonna put
that one at a [ __ ] amazing right
weird exercise for the upper pecs
I'm also have you see your front delts
pretty much every benching movement it's
gonna hit you find us but that one is
gonna hit your front us a lot more also
target should triceps and again it's
effective it gets the job done
it's sufficient right uses a lot of
muscles and it's obviously easy to
progress with overload on all right so
let's see next one the basic flat bench
press I think it's a really overrated
movement but again it survived at a time
so we're gonna give that one some
respects to be honest I'm gonna put that
one out okay yeah I know it's gonna hang
a lot of people but to me the flat bench
flat bench press is very very overrated
you know again the flat dumbbell presses
is better as far as we could in the
chest the only thing that I would give
the flat bench press over the dumbbell
version is it's easier to progressive
overload as far as weight goes obviously
you do more reps but you know what I
mean and yeah I'm just gonna put that on
you because again it's and it's not
great flame
if you have one homeless from any of the
one you know it's not a great movement
to to work on imbalances but again you
know survive to test the time great
movement and it's in almost everybody's
program right someone put that one out
okay this one you guys can't really see
but that's the thumb above flat incline
flyes right I mean just a dumbbell flat
flies all right that one I'm gonna put
I'm gonna put that okay right so great
movement but for me it only has one
benefit which is to stretch the [ __ ] out
of your chest so if you wanna if you
looking for movement to stretch your
pecs keep it in a weighted stretch
position they're not an absolutely that
won't actually put it higher but because
we just focus on overall you know chest
mass meaning if you only had to pick one
movement then that's why I'm ranking it
this low but as far as stretching the
pecs it's amazing and again that's the
dumbbell flyes flat version alright the
decline bench press believe it or not
guys I'm gonna put this one that [ __ ]
amazing
right the decline bench prize to me is
better than a flat version one the
obviously strong in that movement right
it's a more natural why I wouldn't use
the word natural but are you a lot
stronger in angle and also a target
should lower packs which is the biggest
you know portion of your chest most
people forget that your lower pecs it's
actually where most of your chest is so
yeah that's a great movement it's just
as awkward as [ __ ] you know for most
people but I'm gonna put that when I
[ __ ] amazing especially for gold see
it is really take lower chest
Dumbo pullovers for chest pew I'm gonna
put that when I babbles and put that
pure garbage won't put them on the back
I'm sorry but there are so many bad
alternatives out there than the dumbbell
pullovers for chest as far as chest goes
yes you get a nice little stretch in the
landing position but to me as falls
again we making this less based on if
you only had to pick one exercise for
the rest of your life all right and in
that case this one is very close to pure
garbage man [ __ ] took love it [ __ ] it
again and this is based on if you had to
only pick one exercise for you
pure garbage I'm about to know this one
guys you guys know I'm big on dibs dibs
weighted dips whatever as long as you
obviously leaning forward I believe is
the best exercise for chest period
period all right it's very effective
right I recorded the pecs you were
cooling your lower pecs which is the end
of you know media explosion on your
chest and it's also very efficient right
because you're also targeting front
delts you are your pause engaged your
triceps I engage obviously your front
delts even your lower traps are engaged
I mean as far as efficiency is one of
the most efficient movements out there
period it just does so much so much for
just one exercise if I can only do one
exercise for the rest of my life for
chest it'll be way too deep so just you
know regular dips nothing beats it
um as far as the only downside is it's
kind of hard to progressively overload
as far as weight goes yes you could do
more reps but not every gym has you know
bells for you hang plates on and yeah
she could put dumbbells between your
legs but it kind of gets awkward I
should go heavy heavy that's the only
downside I have but other than that if
your gym has you know the change for you
to put the weights around your waist
this is by far in my opinion the best
exercise effective efficient and kind of
easy to progressive overload on as long
as you have that those chains next to
push-ups the push-ups
even though start off as my favorite
chest exercise cuz I ain't you could do
it anywhere I'm gonna put it at if I can
only pick one exercise for the rest of
my life I want to put a push-up setback
I'm sorry man okay that's from somebody
who loves push if you guys know when I
was doing look Lucilla Lord it would
just push ups push ups push ups you know
every [ __ ] day so don't get me wrong
I have a lot of love for push-ups it's
just yes it's effective but it's not
efficient or it's not efficient you know
and most importantly it's not easy to
progressively overload you get to a
point where I mean after a few months of
doing push-ups you could bang out 100
150 reps like it's nothing
in any case a point where you know you
have to do so many reps just to recruit
the high threshold fibers you know
it's to me that's not some efficient now
of course you could start putting
placing you back and all over again it's
not practical you need somebody to put
the waste in your bag yeah if I could
only pick one except for the rest of my
life and had access to all of these
trust me to push this will not be the
number one so I'm gonna put it that bad
only if I had to pay one extra moment
guys this whole list is based on he only
had to pick one exercise so I said this
is not based on you know just uh Katie's
exercises bad you know exercises back
right every exercise it's good it's just
if I had to pick one this one would be
way down there um so yes so push ups
down there next the [ __ ] is this one my
blind ass okay so that's the pack pack
pack tag um if I can only pick one
exercise for chest [ __ ] that man again
as much as I love flies to get a nice
contraction that's the only benefit of
this exercise I don't put it at back
right it's the only benefit of the pack
that case you get a sick sick
contraction so I would pick the pack bag
if my goal was to do like a pumping
movement squeezing the chest all that
stuff but if I could only pick one
exercise for the rest of my life for
chest it would not be the backpack I'm
sorry cuz it only has one benefit as you
get that sick squeeze that sick
contraction but another exercise that's
coming up is actually better
um in fact let's talk about right now
right cable crossovers I will actually
put cable crossovers and uh mmm I'll
pick you across without okay alright and
why is it better than that because again
the the movement is more natural you're
not locked into a [ __ ] seat right you
know I like movements where you could
use the stabilizer muscles in are really
locked into place so and again but the
cable crossover version you can actually
vary up the ankle right you could do
inclined you could do flat you could
lower PAC whereas the seated
PAC tag you pretty much can only do flat
unless obviously you adjust the seat but
[ __ ] that
next the hammer price right so hammer
price I'm not gonna do hammer incline
hammer decline hammer you know fly
whatever we're just gonna talk about the
hammer price I'm gonna put the hammer
price believe it or not guys [ __ ]
amazing
right the hammer price is insane because
it's the best it's the best balance
between Bob you know between machines
and free weights where
it's not really a machine it's not only
freeway is right there in the middle you
get a sick
shake contraction right and it's easy to
progressive overload you just keep
piling place on top of that [ __ ] right
and also the risk of injury is extremely
low right it's very easy to snap you
shut up doing a barbell or dumbbell
bench press but you know unless your
form is just [ __ ] Lee taught it
you're not gonna get too many injuries
doing a hammer pressed dumbbell incline
press to me this one is by far the best
movement for the upper pecs but
unfortunately again it's kind of hard to
put that's overload you get to a point
where you lifting so happy again when I
in this video when I'm with four against
overload I'm referred to wait in this
video but in general if it was my video
you know the multiple ways to
progressive overload but first for the
kiss for the sake of simplicity I'm just
gonna talk about weight so yeah so as
far as weight goes it kind of gets
tricky you know when you start doing
really really heavy dumbbell incline
press so that's what I'm gonna put it at
[ __ ] amazing
instead of like I'm about tonight but
other than that it's an amazing amazing
exercise for the upper pecs amazing
exercise you get a nice stretch at the
bottom or you kind of lose tension at
the top but still you know great
exercise next the basic I'm gonna put it
not a pure garbage don't put that [ __ ]
at bad right that's just a basic chest
press you see I plan to fitness and [ __ ]
I mean every gym has their the only
benefit of this exercises if you have
injuries right or you a newbie you just
wanna you know know just get get your
feet in the gym serve so it's a less
intimidating movement but if I can only
pick one exercise it would not be in the
top three
next Smith machine incline bench press
right you could also save you know flat
but no this one is the incline there's a
Dorian Yates by the way I'm gonna put
that one ad I [ __ ] amazing man yeah
no I know it's a Smith it's a smith
machine movement I know it gets a lot of
hate but you get to really focus on your
upper chest with this movement cuz you
can actually squeeze you got to bring
your hands together right as you're
performing this movement
to increase the activation in your packs
now of course you could do that with the
barbell version right free weight
version but now I'll be able to use this
much weight I like this one simply
because if you have injuries right it
kind of helps cuz you stabilize the
muscles you know another limiting factor
right yes it's kind of its kind of a
negative right because I prefer these
men by stabilizing muscles but if you
have injuries then it's best to just you
know I have to have the stretch machine
do that pole for you so apart from that
I'm gonna put that a [ __ ] amazing
it's a great movement you can really
adjust the incline based on your body
mechanics and stuff like that and just
you I I personally really feel it in my
chest doing this movement next the flat
version I want to put it out okay right
Smith machine flat I want to cut it okay
assuming because you know it's not as
good as the incline one right and at the
same time it's not as bad as the [ __ ]
chest press impact that guy so that's
why I'm putting it here okay if you're
gonna flat bench press use the barbell
or a dumbbell
you know don't we should start with the
with the summation close great
benchpress believe it or not I'm gonna
put the close Clippers are [ __ ]
amazing most people think this is a
tricep movement which obviously it is
but every benching movement is gonna use
a lot of your triceps but what most
people don't know is that the closer you
bring your arms you're actually
recruiting more of your upper pecs
alright so it's a great great great
exercise it's pretty much push-ups on
steroids right cuz iswhat close grip
bench presses people forget it close
grip bench presses Lilly push-ups just
using a barbell
your arms are close together so yeah
putting this one up here I'm [ __ ]
amazing um cuz again you're getting that
tricep work you're getting the upper
packs flat here last two we got a [ __ ]
15 minutes away t goddamn [ __ ] it the
hex press
hex price I'm gonna put that one out
okay so no key exercise you know you get
a really good contraction your arms are
really closer you definitely feel it on
your upper pecs but as far as you know
if I could only pick one exercise it
will not be you know up there in fact I
was gonna put it my FAC you know what
I'm putting a [ __ ] it back right
because he had the flat bench press is
that okay so I'm gonna put this [ __ ] on
the same level as a flat bench press and
flat way to stretch flies I want to put
it as that bad right if I can only use
one exercise for the rest of my life for
chess it would not be the [ __ ]
Express I'm sorry even though the
contraction feels really good
it's justice and last but not least then
what the [ __ ] is this exercise I forgot
can't even see it
what do you guys think it is is it the
incline bench yeah oh yeah that's what
it's the incline bench so incline bench
I'm gonna put the incline bench at
[ __ ] amazing yep in climbers are
[ __ ] amazing because I mean if the
Smith one is here this one definitely
gotta be up here for those reasons right
it's effective wait how many did it
incline [ __ ] bench so the [ __ ] is
this movement hold on a second guys ah
[ __ ] okay that's the reverse grip bench
press right we first quit bench press
I'm gonna put that one ah okay all right
we first quit bench press
what are you doing the incline on a flat
whatever I actually recommend incline
but I'm gonna put out okay simply
because the risk of injury is too
[ __ ] high right Andrew on your wrist
the weight you know slipping off your
hands and [ __ ] it's just it's just not
worth it it's just not worth it just
talking you up in packs or you made
packs so I'm gonna put that okay he's
definitely not bad it's also not [ __ ]
amazing so I'm gonna put this one here
some people fill them on a tricep some
people fill them on upper bags I'm over
also it was a good exercise no not
[ __ ] amazing
definitely not I'm about to nut status
and obviously not bad
all right I say guys I started reading
so long but I don't give a [ __ ] to be on
this but I hope you guys enjoyed it
comment below let me know which body
part you want me to cover next
don't forget to subscribe hit the
notification bell like the video and hit
me up for coaching and HSP training
programs I'm out of here
