every great back in history I would say
99 of great backs Natty or enhance did
hey guys going on Megan here you don't
need 30 back exercises the fitness
industry loves confusing you guys by
giving you so much information that it
makes it almost impossible to figure out
what to do next the more they confuse
you the more you're gonna keep on
program hopping and the more you're
gonna keep on coming back it's a money
making machine so my job as always as
the OG of Tail list is to simplify [ __ ]
you don't need 30 back exercises I'm
going to show you the best of the best
so that you can focus on Simplicity and
get a bigger return on effort remember
the rule of five I live my life using
the Pareto Principle for every five
things only one matters for every 10
things only two matters in this case
there's 30 back exercises on this
website
I think it's muscle and fitness so that
means really only six out of those 30
exercises really matters
twenty percent of your efforts yield
eighty percent of the results right Live
Your Life by the provider principle and
it's going to help you simplify through
the [ __ ] in the world that applies
to everything Fitness and everything
else so whenever you hear someone say
top 10 XYZ always ask what are the two
that matter what are the 20 out of the
top ten whenever somebody says top 30
ask what is the 20 that really matters
out of this 30. all right so let's get
started you guys should be familiar with
the basic team do they have for chillers
I'm about to nut that's their highest
best category ever best return on
investment pure garbage is obviously the
worst and okay is right there in the
middle you want to focus on the top two
tiers now what criteria am I going to
use to rank these very simple one I'm
going to use my over 20 years of
experience in this [ __ ] and I'm
obviously going to use objective
criteria you guys know I'm all about
facts evidence objective [ __ ] that you
can actually test criteria number one
how simple is the exercise right I
needed to be easy to execute this way
you [ __ ] would love to over
analyze [ __ ] are not going to ask me 50
questions about how to do it right and
it also has to have a low risk of injury
because I'm all about longevity I don't
care how good an exercise is if you snap
your [ __ ] up well you can't perform
right now you can't make games so number
one it has to be simple
number two the majority of the tension
should be placed on the target muscle if
you're doing a bicep exercise I want the
tension to be on your biceps now your
goddamn front delts right so in this
case if you're doing a back exercise and
you get a [ __ ] pump in your glutes or
in your calves clearly it's a shitty
exercise or you're doing it wrong
number three I need the exercise to have
a long Progressive overload Runway
meaning I don't want you to max out the
machine in three months or work six
months and now you have to pick a
different exercise right I need you to
pick exercises that you could do for the
rest of your life
so the progressive overload Runway has
to be as long as possible there's
nothing worse than maxing out a machine
on the great exercise because now you
gotta do a bunch of hippie [ __ ] just
to get attention on the target muscle
number four the exercise should put
maximum weighted straps on the muscle
you guys know I'm a big big proponent of
weighted stretch and now over 10 years
later the science and the rest of the
industry is finally catching up so I
need exercises that train the muscle in
the length and position that's what my
entire program ATR speed training is all
about maximum eccentrics maximum stretch
and number five last but not least the
exercise has to be accessible in every
gym right I need exercises that I can do
anywhere this way if you're traveling if
your gym shuts down or you have to go
somewhere else for whatever reason you
can still find that exercise again
there's nothing worse than finding a
goaded exercise that you can only
perform in one location right because
hopefully you [ __ ] are going to
become successful in your careers and
that's going to cause you to travel a
lot so you want exercises that could
stay on your program no matter where you
are right hopping from exercise to
exercise is one of the worst ways to
make gains because you have to relearn
the movement pattern over and over again
which pretty much resets the progressive
overload counter since your body has to
always try to relearn the exercise
before it even learns to execute it
properly and recruit the target muscles
all right those are the five criteria so
let's get down to the list now another
thing that I don't like about this list
is it just sits back exercises the back
is not a muscle it's a collection of
muscles right you have your lats you
have your own balls you have your mid
traps your upper traps your lower traps
your spinal Erectors your Terrace major
minor so obviously for the sacred
terrorists I'm going to focus on overall
back but then in the future I'll make
specific to your list for specific
portions of your back right so I'm going
to make a future Tail list for just the
lats then another one for just the mid
back the spinal reactors so for this
list it's overall back right keep that
in mind all right let's get started
number one we have the deadlift is it
simple is it easy to perform with a low
risk of injury no it's not unfortunately
as much as I used to love the the
deadlift back in the days it's it's not
a simple exercise and it does not have a
low risk of injury even if you have
perfect foam because as you get stronger
eventually the risk of injury goes up
trust me most of my back injuries which
I still have by the way to this day I
snap my [ __ ] up in 2012 and I'm still
struggling from this lower back injury
most of my back injuries were
accumulated during deadlifts so number
one as much as I used to love this
exercise I'm very careful about
programming for beginners and other
people because again I do not want you
to get injured injuries are the [ __ ]
worst things that could happen to a
lifter so no it is not simple
with a low risk of injury number two
does it put the majority of the tension
on the target muscle nope not really
right a deadlift I don't care how you
perform it yeah she's gonna hit your
back you're gonna hit your upper traps
you're gonna hit your mid traps you're
going to hit your lats you're going to
hit your spinal Erectors right but
you're also going to hit your goddamn
hamstrings you're also going to hit a
little bit of quads I don't like that
[ __ ] right I want most if I'm doing the
back exercise I want most of the [ __ ]
tension on the back
right now if this was a chair list for
something else then trust me the
deadlift will be much higher so a fails
criteria number one a fails criteria
number two and trust me I hate to admit
it because I used to love this exercise
number three does it have a long
Progressive overload Runway absolutely
it absolutely does right you're not
gonna max out on your deadlifts anytime
soon just so far it has one point number
four does it put a maximum stretch on
the target muscle in this case your back
[ __ ] no [ __ ] no it doesn't it puts a
great stretch on the upper traps right
and also the mid traps depending on the
angle at the start position but again
this is for overall back and last
criteria is it accessible in every gym
yeah it's very easy to find a a place to
do deadlifts right unless you train a
Planet Fitness or some [ __ ] so this
one only has one out of five I'm sorry
guys I gotta put the deadlift at bat
remember this is for maximum hypertrophy
this is not for anything else so don't
get butt hurt in the comment section
this is a great exercise stay
objective for maximum hypertrophy it's
not I know a lot of people who built
great backs without deadlifts next
exercise wide grip pull-ups is it simple
yes it is I mean come on guys it doesn't
get more simple than a pull-up right
it's easier to perform low risk of
injury for the most part
so that's one point number two is the
majority of the tension on the target
muscle that one is a little iffy because
yes your back is going to have a lot of
tension on the pull-up but also your
biceps uh your forearms of course your
abs so no I'm not going to give it that
point because most beginners have a very
hard time isolating isolating their
backs when they're doing pull-ups I see
it all the time they get a pump in their
biceps instead some of them can't really
balance their bodies correctly so the
ABS have to work overtime so no it's not
going to get that point number three
does it have a long Progressive overload
Runway absolutely you're not gonna trust
me you you're not gonna max out on your
pull-ups especially weighted pull-ups
anytime soon right because you could
just keep adding plates three does it
put a maximum stretch on your target
muscle absolutely if we're talking about
the lats here which again you know the I
know this is for overall back but the
lats are a big portion of your back so
yes I'm gonna give it that crazy crazy
stretch on your lats next is it
accessible in every gym you could do
pull-ups everywhere guys in your house
at the gym at the park in jail for you
criminal [ __ ] you always going
to be able to do pull-ups so this gives
it four out of five I'm gonna put it at
[ __ ] amazing so close to busting that
nut but we'll get blue balls for now
next dumbbell deadlifts get the [ __ ] out
of here man see this is what this is why
I do tell this guys all right so number
one is a simple with a low risk of
injury so soda kinda right if you're
starting with with dumbbells yeah the
risk of injury is low but as you
Progressive overload eventually nah
right your lower back is gonna be a
limiting factor and I know you guys are
going to find a way to [ __ ] this
exercise up right so no it doesn't get
criteria number one also it uses
dumbbells right so I'm gonna get a
million questions from the over
analyzing [ __ ] you guys want to
talk about [ __ ] should have put the
dumbbell in front of me at a 33 point x
degree angle or come on man like like I
don't want any exercises that's gonna
cause my email to blow up with a bunch
of [ __ ] questions go back in the
back of the school bus so put your chain
four high back on so number one it's not
simple two majority of the tension on
the target mode so nobody really
established that three long Progressive
with a little Runway to an extent to an
extent right because after a while you
know dumbbells only go up that high I
think most gyms go to like maybe 150 to
200 maximum professional Target muscle
no accessible in every gym yes so
whoop-dee-doo it only gets one point so
I'm gonna put that at back right one out
of five come on I better not catch you
doing uh dumbbell deadlifts to get
maximum hypertrophy on your back miss me
with the [ __ ] next well get the [ __ ]
out of my face man are you kidding me
right look at this [ __ ] guys this
[ __ ] with his green shoes right
let's let's go through the list so I can
show you guys that I'm being objective
right I'm not I gotta stay objective
number one is this simple no it's
[ __ ] not right you need a resistance
band you you know I'm gonna get the
question about oh how should my elbows
be and and should my back should my hips
be tilted forward or to the side up
right no so it's not simple right
because trust me I'm gonna get those
questions from beginners when I if I
program this [ __ ] they're gonna say oh
how high should I put it on the on the
cable machine or if I'm using bands what
kind of bands should I get should I get
the ones with a 3.5 rating on Amazon or
not oh God so no it's not simple number
two does it put the majority of tension
on the back not really your biceps are
going to be number two does it put the
majority of the tension on your back
fine I'm gonna give it that right
because you definitely gonna activate
your lats your mid back your own boys
your main traps all the good [ __ ] right
so yes I give it one point whoopty
[ __ ] do long Progressive of a low
Runway [ __ ] no right you're gonna Max
this [ __ ] out in like three hours
maximum stretch it depends on how you do
it right if you go all the way out you
might get a maximum stretch
um or a decent stretch on your lats
right and also your mid back right but
it's not heavy enough most of the time
to give you that crazy stretch so no I'm
not going to give it that [ __ ] and is it
accessible in every game no right
because God forbid you forget your
resistance bands at home you [ __ ]
right yeah you could technically use the
cable machine but which one is it right
cable machine or resistance bands right
so I don't like this exercise I'm gonna
put that one at bat or I'm only gonna
give it one out of five which is good
tension on the target muscle but that's
it next incline dumbbell roll ah this
one is a this one is uh it's a little
complicated right so number one is a
simple no not really right because you
guessed it right I'm gonna get the
question which angle should I angle the
bench at so normally for standard
average IQ [ __ ] this would be a
simple exercise but unfortunately the
average IQ is only about a hundred so no
this will not be simple for most people
low risk of injury yeah you know because
you know you have the nicer boy your
lower back is taken out so I I want to
give it you know that point for
Simplicity but there's too many
chainfall [ __ ] man I see too
many shiny tinfoil hats so let's see uh
fine I give it that point I say it's
simple right you know we'll give it that
simple low risk of injury majority of
the tension on the target muscle yes all
right because again your limp your lower
back is no longer a limiting factor you
have nice support uh even if your legs
are weak as hell you know this is fine
right most of the tension would be on
the target muscle so that's two points
so far long Progressive overload run yes
it does it's gonna take a long time
before you finally uh max out the
dumbbell rack on this exercise right
because it's you know it really isolates
your back and again your grip is going
to be a limiting factor but you could
use straps right so I give it that right
it has a long Progressive with a little
runaway you're not going to be doing
this with 200 pounds in each hand
anytime soon number four maximum stretch
yes this gives you a great stretch at
the bottom I say maximum stretch but
it'll give you a great stretch right at
least in your mid back and a little bit
of your lats right
as long as you straighten your arm out
so great stretch
on the target muscle number five is it
accessible in every gym no trust me a
lot of gyms don't have incline benches
and a lot of gyms uh especially if you
travel a lot and you stop at a hotel gym
the waste max out at like sometimes 50
pounds sometimes 70. so uh it's not
accessible everywhere right you're
either not going to get the incline
machine right or some gyms have the
incline bench sorry but uh you can
adjust the [ __ ] angle right some gyms
have that believe it or not so now you
got to worry about uh the gym not being
busy so you have access to the dumbbells
that you want you also have to worry
about the gym not being too busy so that
you have access to the to the incline
bench you know so it's not accessible
everywhere for people who travel a lot
so that gives it a four out of five I'm
gonna put that at [ __ ] amazing next
we have the chin up right so that's
again for my beginners out there your
palms are facing you
right let's see is it simple with a low
risk of injury yes it's simple risk of
injury it only goes up as you get
stronger and stronger which for most of
you beginners it's going to take years
right so for most beginners it's a
simple exercise like come on you can't
really [ __ ] this one up number two most
of the tension will not be on the target
muscle obviously because your biceps
will be a limiting factor your abs your
forearms even if you use straps then
right now you got your biceps limiting
you your abs so no most of the tension
will be spread out throughout the body
so this will be a great exercise if I'm
looking for a compound movement on pull
day or full body day if I'm trying to
use I'm trying to accumulate as much
volume as possible on as many muscle
groups as possible then yeah this would
be a great exercise but for back only I
Gotta See objective so no most of the
tension is not on the target muscle
right which again is a good thing or a
bad thing depending on the context I
personally like to program this because
I want people to accumulate volume in as
little time as possible on as many
muscle groups because again full body
team full body training here but anyway
like I said uh all right so only one
point so far next long Progressive
Overlord Runway absolutely you're not
gonna max out weighted chin UPS anytime
soon maximum stretch hell yeah you get a
crazy stretch on your back I'm doing
this exercise if you hang at the bottom
so that's three
um and is it accessible everywhere yes
you should be able to do pull-ups
anywhere so that's [ __ ] amazing four
out of five all right tripod that lift
one is this simple even though it's a
lot easier than a conventional deadlift
I would say no because again it depends
on the person's structure the skeletal
structure how long their legs are you
know some people struggle with you know
having to overextend it back some people
struggle with finding the right position
the right foot placement you know how
much the band blah blah so no it's not
simple and it does not have a low risk
of injury especially as you get heavier
heavier heavier right as you Progressive
overload so no number two you guys
already know most of the tension will
not be on your back it'll be on your
back but it also be on your hamstrings
and your your grip and your forearms all
that [ __ ] right so again great for full
body uh
great if you're trying to save time and
hit many muscles at once but if you're
really trying to focus on your back then
no maximum stretch no long Progressive
little Runway yes so that's one point so
far accessible in every gym no right not
every gym has a tripod unfortunately
so I'm gonna put that at bat right only
one out of five next alternating
dumbbell row no get that out of here no
it's not simple beginners are gonna ask
a million questions right you would
think oh just grab dumbbells Bend
forward and just start rolling right but
no trust me they're gonna ask a million
questions about how to bend the bags and
the angle and the [ __ ] Pythagorean
theorem and all that [ __ ] no no so it's
not simple and it does not have a low
risk of injury as you go heavier right
because now you know your lower back is
a limiting factor right I always say if
you if somebody has to ask you how to
perform the exercise and they want a
longer than three minute answer then
it's not a simple exercise some will
misplace their elbow some will not have
the correct band I can go on and on
number two majority of the tension on
the target muscle because most people
who are trying to grow their backs don't
really care about their lower back as
much right they don't really care about
the spawning reactors as much if they
really want the tension on their lats
and the mid back so this exercise is
going to hit too much lower back and in
some cases too much biceps right and
like say I don't like the fact that that
lower back would be a limiting factor if
this was on a bench right chest
supported uh bench then yeah absolutely
most of the tension will be on the on
the back muscles that people want to
focus on so no it does not get that
point long Progressive overall Runway no
because eventually again as you go heavy
and heavier your lower back is going to
be a limiting factor maximum stretch yes
and no right because you're only going
to get that crazy thrash if you go super
heavy right but if you go super heavy
you know your lower back is the limiting
factor right so this is not an exercise
that you're going to Progressive a
little for a long time right you need
that that support that lower back
support that's why I love chat supported
back movements and last but not least
yes it's accessible in every gym long as
you have dumbbells you can do this
exercise so no it's not simple so it
fails the top four criteria but at least
right it's accessible so I'm gonna put
that at bat next inverter roll is a
simple yes it's simple I mean to an
extent right I know someone's going to
find a way to overconfigate this but
it's a simple exercise right
um and it has a little risk of injury so
it gets one point
is the majority of the tension on the
target muscle yes believe it or not if
you do an inverted row most of the
tension will be on your back right yes
your biceps are going to come in too but
that's almost every back exercise so
that's two points so far long
Progressive over low Runway [ __ ] no
right you're gonna match this [ __ ] out
in 15 minutes right yeah I'm
exaggerating but you guys get the point
right you know you cannot keep
Progressive overloading this exercise in
a practical manner that is yeah you can
put weights on you can put your foot on
the bench and then you could put weights
on your stomach but then your abs kick
in and no it gets too complicated at
that point right so no it's not going to
get that point maximum stretch not
really right the only way to get a
maximum stretch on this is if you put a
lot of weight you know on your upper
body which again does not make it simple
and is it accessible in every gym yes
right successful in every gym you know
as long as you could find you know you
could find a Smith machine or
um you know even a standard squat right
but I'd be so mad if I'm trying to use a
squat rack and somebody's doing inverted
rolls there so it gets three points
right three out of five it's simple puts
the tension on the target muscle and
it's accessible so I'm gonna put that
all right I'm gonna put that okay great
for the Cali Statics [ __ ] next
match grip that lift one is as simple
with a low risk of injury no no low risk
of injury so it doesn't get that point
majority of the tension on the target
muscle a little bit more than the other
deadlift exercises right because you're
starting from a higher position
um but you still have to use a lot of
hip drops so it does not put there's
obviously some hamstring involvement
even though less than a conventional
deadlift but it does not put the
majority of the tension on the target
muscle right you still have to use a
little bit of quads a little bit of
hamstrings next Progressive overload
Runway yeah you know it's a very long
Runway so I give it that point so that's
one maximum stretch no accessible in
every gym
um yeah yeah yeah most James will allow
you to do snap script um you know most
gyms will have that right if you have a
uh if you have pins on the power Rack
you're good so it gets two out of five
to put that at bat next are you [ __ ]
kidding me Swiss ball lacquer guys when
I saw this I was like oh my God this
[ __ ] must be trolling Swiss ball
lacquer and this was an article on 30
best back exercises of all time with
some [ __ ] right he's a troll so number
one is a simple no
majority attention I'm talking about so
no
long Progressive of a little Runway no
unless you like hip thrust in a fat
[ __ ] or some [ __ ] but no maximum
stretch no
accessible in every gym not every gym
has a [ __ ] Swiss ball so no
right the first peel garbage exercise on
this list for back exercises get to get
that [ __ ] out here all right next so
this is a wide grip pull up but they use
the same picture in uh in the article so
let's see is it simple yeah again it's
just like a pull up you know just wider
grip number two majority of the tension
on the target muscle nah not really
right biceps episode limiting factor and
now you're going wider so it's going to
be even more of a limiting factor right
although I do it make going wider is
going to put more attention on your back
than your biceps but again it's going to
make the exercise harder to performs
which is not going to make it simple so
it fails criteria number two long
Progressive overload Runway yes yes you
know like I said just like pull-ups and
Chin UPS it's going to take a long time
for you to Max this out again if you're
using a belt and adding plates and stuff
like that so that's two points to fall
maximum stretch absolutely
right not as good of a stretch as the
closer grip version but again you're
still getting a great stretch on the
lats
so that's three is it accessible in
every gym of course so four out of five
I'm gonna put that at [ __ ] amazing
next
the landmine one arm roll is this simple
no people are going to over complicate
this right what size plate should I use
what angle should I bend forward at you
know should the plate hit my [ __ ]
upper nipple a lower nipple on the way
up all these crazy you know high anxiety
questions so no it's not simple next
majority of the tension on the target
muscle uh not really because your lower
back is a limiting factor right also
your legs as you go heavier heavier your
legs are going to be a limiting factor
all right let's be honest especially for
beginner number three long Progressive a
little runaway no no it doesn't because
eventually the barbell can only be this
long right one should max out the amount
of uh uh place you can put on the bar
you pretty much tapped out so no it does
not have a long Progressive little
Runway although one can you know argue
that it's gonna take a long time to Max
it out but no I don't think so maximum
stretch no you can't get it maximum
stretch because again your lower back is
going to be a little manufacturer the
more you try to pile on that weight to
get a good stretch your lower back is
gonna
you know and obviously your legs are
going to limit you it's going to be very
hard for you to just focus on your back
so it fails that category is it
accessible in every gym yeah you know
every gym that has a barbell will allow
you to do that so no it's not simple
most of the temperature is not on your
back Progressive a little Runway is not
there it's not long enough in my opinion
maximum stretch not really because again
lower back like I like I mentioned it's
just that it's accessible so I'm gonna
put that at bad now if you have chest
support so that takes out the lower back
and the lag involvement oh this would be
a great exercise next the towel cable
roll
using a [ __ ] Tower here so let's go
is it simple no I'm gonna get a million
questions Megan which Tower should I use
what color should it be should it be wet
no so it's not simple it does have a low
risk of injury uh but it's not simple
too many questions right and also you
know the whole grip issue number two
majority attention on the target muscle
yes and no this one is a little tricky
because yes that will hit your your back
really good but because you're using the
towel your grip is going to be a huge
limiting fact and because it's a [ __ ]
towel you can't use wrist straps
effectively right so no the majority
tension would be on your on your forearm
as you go heavier heavier uh not to
mention that again as you go heavier you
have to step back and then use your core
to brace yourself and all that [ __ ] no
so it's not simple most of the tension
will not be on the target muscle as you
go heavier the progressive level Runway
is not long because again your grip will
limit you with this [ __ ] ass towel
maximum stretch uh yes and no right
because what you when you weak as a
beginner yeah you know you're going to
get enough stretch as you [ __ ] at the
start of the movement but as you go
heavy and heavier now your grip is a
limiting factor and now you can't get a
maximum stretch so no you're not going
to get a maximum stretch as you go heavy
and heavier because of the [ __ ] towel
is it accessible in every gym sure just
bring your goddamn towel yeah so finally
gets one point it's accessible in every
gym but everything else is trash I
wanted to put that at pure garbage so
bad but I'm going to be objective
because you know it is accessible and
that's one of the criteria so I'm going
to put that at bad the [ __ ] right
imagine you go to the gym and you're
like oh I forgot my towel now you can't
do this great amazing towel roll
exercise so again fine it's accessible
just don't forget your goddamn towel
next rotational inverted row
low risk of injury yes is a simple not
really not really because once again
it's going to be too many questions
about foot placement and angles and uh
you know how to brace your coal and your
abs and all that stuff so no it's not
simple especially for beginners number
two majority of attention on the target
muscle yeah yeah it's going to put most
of the tension on the target muscle so I
give it that
number three long Progressive level
Runway of course not I already explained
why earlier uh maximum stretch uh not
really not really because again you can
go you know the the progressive level of
Runway is limited right so you can't go
too heavy so you won't be able to go
heavy and heavy and heavier So
eventually the stretch is not going to
be enough as you as your last get strong
and your mid bag gets thick right the
rotational inverted row is it simple yes
it's simple it's just like the inverter
rule you know I'm pretty sure people are
going to [ __ ] this up and ask questions
about foot placement and all that stuff
but for the most part it should be
simple
um so that's one point majority of
attention on the target muscle yes
although one can argue that you know you
have to brace yourself so that's going
to put some tension on your on your abs
long Progressive little Runway no
maximum stretch no because as you get
stronger it'll be very hard uh to pile
on weight right to keep that strong
stretch is it accessible in every gym no
not really so I'm gonna put that uh I'm
gonna put that bad right because it has
it has two out of five it's not one out
of five but it has two out of five right
so it's very similar to this one but the
fact that it's not accessible everywhere
I'm gonna bump it lower all right next
oh my God you got to be kidding me a
[ __ ] Burpee all right some call it
Burpee some say Barbie whatever I'm just
gonna say Burpee right so again stop
playing with me
right no it's not simple no the majority
the majority of the tension is not on
the target muscle Jesus you're hitting
every muscle in your body even you're
even hitting your balls they're going to
be dangling up and down as you jump so
no too much tension on your balls your
glutes your quads your hamstrings your
no no no this is not a great back
exercise I I won't even call it back
exercise at all I don't know why that's
on the [ __ ] list so no uh number
three long Progressive over a little
Runway yeah you you want to be Technical
and yeah you could put a heavier and
heavier bug bag and weight it fast but
no I'm not giving it that point right it
has a [ __ ] Progressive a little Runway
because God forbid you forget your way
vests at home right and your waivers can
only get that heavy uh maximum stretch
no accessible in every gym yes you could
you could ah man I hate that that
accessible in every gym thing saves a
lot of exercises that would have been in
pure garbage but I don't give a [ __ ] I'm
gonna break my rule for this tier list
this is going in pure garbage all right
I don't care if it's accessible in every
dream it's not even [ __ ] back
exercise so no it's not getting that one
point
added to his total score right I mean to
be technical you could put a bench press
exercise here and I'm gonna say oh look
it's successful in every gym so it
should be in you know one out of five no
right we're gonna use multiplication
zero times anything is zero so zero [ __ ]
exercise so I don't care what criteria
you multiply by it's gonna be zero you
could be your meeting in your gym that
does not mean that building your meat is
a great back exercise all right
um so I should have added that in the
beginning it has to be accessible in
every gym but it has to be a relevant
exercise to the Target muscle so pure
garbage damn we haven't nutted yet look
at this man it's she's it's telling you
guys you don't need a lot of exercises
to build your back you know it's very
hard to find out of the 50 plus
exercises out there not many uh are
amazing all right next oh my God what
the [ __ ] is this
Pike up to Superman guys should I even
go through the list
is one is not simple two major attention
is not on the target muscle three
Progressive over low Runway is not long
no maximum stretch not accessible I wish
I could put this at lower than pure
garbage so come on hold that L I better
not see you do this at the gym for back
for anything to be honest and obviously
if somebody programs that uh somebody
puts that on your program for back
training you know what they should do I
can't I can't say what I want to say but
you guys know what I'm about to say if
you watch the bicep video all right next
lying he put lying lateral raise you
know he really meant
um reverse flies but again based on the
angle it could kind of count as a lot of
rays but anyway we'll say lying reverse
flaws so one is a simple with a low risk
of injury it's fairly simple but again
I'm gonna get all these incline
questions about the angle so fine fine
we'll give it that point my fact my fact
no I'm not giving it a simple point it's
not simple I I can already see the PTSD
guys I've been coaching for so long you
have no idea the questions I get I could
already see the PTSD coming from the
return audit questions about how to
execute this movement optimally so no
it's not simple number two majority
tension is not on the Target Model so
it's going to be mainly a shoulder
exercise yeah your Rhone boys and mid
traps are going to activate to some
extent but you know your lats barely
right and that's a huge percentage of
your bag so no most of the tension is
not on the target muscle uh number three
Progressive a little Runway yes it's
long it's a long ass Runway because it's
very hard to do these with 100 pound
dumbbells so I'll give it that maximum
stretch no accessible in every gym like
I said it depends because not every gym
has the incline uh you know bench and
some the ones that do sometimes you
can't adjust it so no I'm gonna give
this a one out of five bad there's no
win hell I'm giving that a two out of
five next we have the hand clean come on
bro it's a simple [ __ ] no most of the
tension is not on the target muscle
right yeah it's gonna hit your traps
like crazy but again what about your
lats long Progressive little Runway yes
it does but again it gets more and more
dangerous as you go heavier heavier but
finally I give it that maximum stretch
no accessible in every gym yes so that's
kind of so I'm gonna put that at bat
right what is it I have two out of five
right it's not simple most of the
tension is not on the target muscle
doesn't give you a maximum stretch so it
only has a good Progressive little
runaway and it's accessible so no that's
bad all right only two out of five next
back extension now again this is mainly
going to hit your spinal Erectors right
so anyway so let's start with question
number one one is a simple yes it's
simple please don't [ __ ] this up don't
ask me a million questions about how to
perform this exercise so yes it's simple
it's emotional detention on the target
muscle yeah if this Tail list was for uh
spino Erectors then yeah right but this
is not really going to blow up your lats
or your mid back or your you know no so
muscle attention is not on the target
muscle because we trying this
materialists for overall back not just
spinal reactors next long Progressive
little Runway not really because as you
get stronger and stronger you have to
use plates and after a while that
becomes a limiting thing Factor maximum
stretch no because once again most of
the tension is not even on the target
muscle so let's not even talk about you
know you know maximum stretch it's going
to put a good stretch on your spinal
Erectors but again it's another spot in
Rector chillis uh accessible in every
gym yes you could do this in almost
every gym so I'm gonna put that at bad
right it only has about one out of five
all right now if this was for spino
Erectors the Steelers if the Steelers
was for spinal erector this would be a
lot higher next see the cable roll now
on the picture he put Seated on the
floor but I give him some slack because
uh in the article he actually put you
could sit on the bench as well so we'll
assume that you sing on the bench right
I don't want you guys right so is it
simple again assuming this is CD cable
roll on a bench it's see it's a simple
yes very simple exercise majority
attention On Target muscle yes right CD
cable roll it's very hard to [ __ ] this
up right yeah your biceps are going to
be involved but so well you know so will
it be on these exercises yeah so number
one simple number two tension is on a
Target muscle it's going to hit your
lats and your mid back right so wrong
boys mid traps upper traps lower traps
Terrace major and minor blah blah long
Progressive little Runway yes you're not
going to max out the capable machine
anytime soon for beginners
and intermediate lifters
maximum stretch yes you can put a really
good stretch on your lats using this
exercise right you're just gonna have to
lean forward a little bit and is it
accessible in every gym yes it is most
gyms have a cable apparatus so this is
going to be the first I'm about to not
exercise again assuming you're not doing
it on the [ __ ] floor assuming you're
doing it on the bench right it is simple
it has a low risk of injury and it's
easy to perform so I'm not going to get
a billion questions about how to perform
this most of the tension is on your back
your lats your mid back even your adults
obviously it has the long Progressive
overall Runway it allows you to get a
great stretch
on your back and it is accessible so the
cable roll is in I'm about to not
category every great back in history I
would say 99 of great backs Natty or
enhanced did the cable roll bent over
reverse flies come on man come on one is
a simple yes it's a simple exercise yeah
I'm gonna get questions about the whole
angle whatever but it's a simple
exercise low risk of injury uh majority
attention On Target muscle if this was a
mid-back chairless right for your
rhomboids and mid traps you know a
little bit of upper traps too
um yes but for overall back the majority
tension is not on the target muscle
right right because your lats are
getting almost no stimulus long
Progressive little Runway uh yeah
obviously it's gonna take a look it's
gonna take you very long
um to do this with 100 pound dumbbells
so the runway is long I give it that
right so that's two maximum structure no
accessible in every gym yes so this has
three out of five right it's simple
long Progressive overload Runway and
it's accessible right so that's three
out of five that should put it in okay
but the fact that it is not even put
most of the tension on your lats and
this is the checklist for overall back
mainly lats and mid back
um no I'm gonna put that at bat right oh
my God
the Aquaman
the Aquaman
uh get that out of my face man so I
haven't go through the list one no it's
not simple two most of the tension is
not on your back three the progressive
over little Runway is not long a baby
will max out on this movement three
months after birth no maximum stretch
not a set yes it is accessible in every
gym because you could technically do
this everywhere so one out of five I'm
gonna put this at pure garbage right
pure garbage I don't care right if the
only thing you got going for you is that
it's just you're accessible everywhere
that's not enough uh to be a good
exercise next the Superman this
[ __ ] really run out of back
exercises because he's adding a bunch of
random [ __ ] I'm not going through the
[ __ ]
same thing one it's not [ __ ] simple
two most of the tension is on your back
Progressive a little Runway is not long
no maximum stretch and yes just
accessible in every gym pure garbage all
right next suspension trainer chin up is
this simple for the most part yes it is
so one is a simple
um yes most of the tension on the target
muscle not really because like I said
you know like the other exercises your
abs are going to kick in your biceps are
limited factor your forearms are going
to be living in fact there's no long
Progressive little Runway yes maximum
stretch yes accessible in every gym
um for the most part yeah so I'm gonna
put this at [ __ ] amazing four out of
five next this guy is the biggest troll
the squat
okay let's go number one is it simple no
right obviously right uh and it's not
you know and it has a high risk of
injury right again this is a back to
your list but even if this was a leg
still there's as much as I recommend
that most people should squat uh it's
not simple and it has a very high risk
of injury two majority majority of the
tension on the target muscle [ __ ] no
come on man just about a joke yes you're
gonna have some back activation in the
in the squat but not the majority of the
tension long Progressive Overlord Runway
yes but again this is not really a back
exercise maximum stretch [ __ ] no
accessible in every gym no yes so I'm
gonna put this at pure garbage right
come on right you're not gonna do squats
for back development although to be fair
if you go really heavy you will get a
stronger back over time right your your
traps will get bigger Believe It or Not
especially if you're doing a high ball
or even a low ball squat right your
spinal right as we get stronger but uh
I'm gonna put that up pure garbage right
like this is this is not an exercise
that I will program for back development
now if this was lag Tail list it's a
whole different story obviously next
suspension training ready roll I'm gonna
put that next to this one right here
right that bad right it's the same thing
as this one here next oh my gosh Swiss
ball reverse back extension what's up
with this guy Swiss balls man
um so again simple no most of the
tension on the target muscle no long
Progressive little Runway no maximum
stretch no accessible in every gym come
on get that shot pure garbage next the
Yates row
ah is this simple yes you know just bend
over pause underhand grip grab the
dumbbell and just roll I mean grab the
barbell and just roll so it's simple the
risk of injury is high though so I'm not
gonna I'm not gonna give it this the
simple point right because as you become
stronger and stronger the biceps uh
again in fact funny Darwin Yates [ __ ]
up his bicep doing this exercise right
So eventually you're gonna run into an
injury as you go heavier and heavier
heavier not to mention that your lower
back is a little bit faster so no it's
not simple it's simple to perform
but as far as the low risk of injury uh
that [ __ ] it up that cancels that so
criteria number one is failed most of
the tension on the target muscle no
because your lower back is going to be a
limiting factor your grip your biceps
next long Progressive of a little Runway
yes it does right it has a long
Progressive little Runway but like I
said as you become stronger and stronger
at the movement the risk of injury goes
higher and higher both lower back injury
and bicep tear although I I used to get
a crazy crazy uh pump on this exercise
maximum stretch not really because you
have to go really heavy uh to get a good
stretch on this and then your lower back
is going to be a limiting factor is it
accessible in every gym yes so I'm gonna
put this one out okay simply because
it's between a two out of five and three
out of five right because to some people
it will be a very simple exercise to
some others will be
complicated right because it's
accessible at every gym so that's one
point the maximum stress thing again
it's only that one is iffy right it's
only if you're really [ __ ] strong
if you have a really strong lower back
right because it's hovering somewhere
between two out of five and three out of
five right depending on the character so
I'm gonna put that one out okay right
I'm not gonna put it with the rest of
these exercises right because it's
between a two and a three out of five as
far as uh the criteria all right last
but not least bent over road to neck
right so this one is a simple no people
are gonna [ __ ] this up trust me people
are gonna get confused and ask too many
questions and it does not have a low
risk of injury because as you get
heavier and heavier you're going to have
lower back problems also when people try
to roll to the neck sometimes their
biceps will take over you know I can
already see where this is going so no
it's not simple most of the tension on
the target muscle no because most of the
tension would be on your real delts and
your mid traps and wrong bars which is
great if your target is back thickness
if this was the Tail list for back
thickness I would definitely put it
higher but for overall back you're not
going to get a lot of lat engagement
since the grip is so [ __ ] wide right
your elbows are way too flared out long
Progressive of a little Runway yeah yeah
you know it's gonna take a long time you
know Max this out a maximum stretch not
on your overall back and um is it
accessible yes I'm gonna put that one
that bad right because it's really it's
a good exercise for uh real adults and
mid back right mid traps rhomboids but
not for your overall back so I'm also
going to put this at bat right for
overall back exercises now I'm upset
that he did not put one of the best back
exercises of all time here on his list
if this was my list it would have been
on he did not put the chest supported
row
right the chest supportable machine
because that one would have been in I'm
about to not category so let's pretend
as an invisible chest supporter roll
icon here I'm gonna put that I'm about
to not what number one is simple you
literally just lean over grab it and
roll right so it's simple the risk of
injury is very [ __ ] low your lower
back is no longer a limiting factor
most of the tension is on the target
muscle you're gonna hit your mid back
your lats your real delts right and
depending on the grip obviously more or
less biceps uh right it has a very long
Progressive overload Runway if you're
doing it with great foaming you're not
jerking right it's going to be very hard
for you to it's going to take a long
time for you to hit four or five plates
if you're using really good foam it
gives you the best stretch
ever you guys the OG's remember when I
used to do this with Marco back in the
days you know I used to call it the
torture rack where I will hold it down
and Marco would just pull that [ __ ] down
he'll just push it he'll just pull it
he'll just push as hard as possible and
I would get the craziest stretch on my
last mid back oh it was just disgusting
I love this exercise and it's accessible
in every gym because most gyms by now
have some kind of chest supported roll
machine most gyms do you know if they
don't have the one where you bent over
they have the one where you're sitting
so that's the only other exercise and
I'm about to knock category I'm also so
upset that he does not have pull Downs
like what the [ __ ] look 30 exercises
[ __ ] put Superman Aquaman the
whole goddamn Justice League but he did
not put
pull Downs what the [ __ ] he didn't put
pull Downs he didn't put pullovers
um but if there was pull Downs again I
will put pull downs and I'm about to
another category why because one that's
simple with a low risk of injury most of
the tension is on the target muscle long
Progressive a little Runway maximum
stretch at the top and accessible in
almost every gym so that would have been
a number about tonight category if he
had put pull Downs I don't care if it's
underhand overhand close grip
um you know he didn't put pullovers
cable pullovers done by pullovers if you
guys are wondering why I would have put
dumbbell pullovers if you guys are
wondering where I would have put
pullovers uh again simple most of the
tension on your lats long Progressive
overload Runway great stretch at the top
and accessible everywhere so I would
have put pullovers anywhere between
[ __ ] amazing and I'm about to nut
right because boulevards mainly hate
your lats not so much your uh your mid
back right so for this tail this would
have been [ __ ] amazing and uh yeah
there's a lot of exercises now on this
list but you got guys send me the
checklist of any article any video or
whatever and I'll just rank for you guys
so don't blame me because the [ __ ]
list you sent does not have all the
exercises alright guys hope this video
helps big shout out to Ryan for making
this tier list right he actually made
the whole template I'm gonna make an
announcement soon because now I have
really good news a lot of volunteers are
helping me with video production now you
guys know I've been a one-man Army for
the last 10 plus years so even though I
want to record five videos a day it
takes way too much time to edit and
process and all that [ __ ] so and I
obviously don't want to hire anybody to
do this [ __ ] because I do it for free
because I make the videos for free and I
actually lose money making these videos
so it doesn't make sense that I pay
somebody else who [ __ ] edit but long
story short I have a great team of guys
helping me for free produces videos now
so all I gotta do is just record and
again the research that's easy it's
already you know all the information is
in my head so now I can focus on just
putting out as many videos as possible
you know while still doing the things
that keep me busy so again big shout out
to Ryan and everybody else who
contributed to the making of this video
in the Discord he created this still
listen like [ __ ] three seconds blew
my mind but anyway guys joined the
Reddit join the Discord John the
Instagram I'm gonna be posting on
Instagram a lot more
watch my other Challenge videos and if
you want to support the channel buy the
ebook don't forget to subscribe so that
you can vote on the next tier list
videos and other stuff I'm out
all right guys don't forget to like or
share the video subscribe and hit the
bell and buy my HSB nucleus of a little
training program it's the ultimate
program for maximum muscle growth it
includes full body workout splits bro
splits push-pull home workouts you name
it also comes with a complete guide for
macros nutrition fat loss monster growth
hormones including a meal plan it's
pretty much all my 16 years of
experience condensed into one [ __ ]
book you're also going to get free
copies of any future Edition so visit
team3dalpha.com and you can use the 40
off coupon code nucleus of the Lord or
you could just buy the share full price
all right guys I'm out of here
