hey guys what's going on Megan here all
right what is the number one reason
testosterone even exists evolutionary
speaking right why do virtually all
animals have it this is very important
guys because
you will never maximize testosterone
unless you understand why your body even
has it right knowing why it's even there
well directly or indirectly let you know
what you need to do to maximize it right
you'll know why nutrition is important
you'll know why sleep is important you
won't even have to over analyze how to
boost tea if you don't understand why it
exists okay so I put a poll
two months ago and let's see what
everyone put it for muscle for strength
for sex or for energy three percent
voted for muscle six percent voted for
strength meaning they believe
testosterone evolve to make it stronger
69 oh wow wow the iron
no pun intended I guess but 69 voted for
sex and 21 voted for energy
what do you think is the correct answer
guys well most people actually got it
right right the number one reason
testosterone even exist in your body as
you watch in this video is for sex right
everything else that saw someone does
the increase in muscle mass the increase
in strength the increase in energy and
red blood cell count the increase in
Focus increasing motivation increasing
the indirect increase in aggression
which is really status seeking
um all of those things right
those are just side missions right the
main goal of testosterone is to help you
reproduce is to help you clap cheeks and
pass on your genes whether you're lion
an elephant Shield a rhino a
hippopotamus a horse a mouse a cat a
human a fish a shark
it serves the exact same purpose both in
men and women but obviously we're going
to focus uh this video for uh on men now
why is this important why is it
important to know this because we live
in an area now where people are
demonizing sex they're demonizing the
masculine drive for clapping cheeks all
right oh no you gotta you know you gotta
restrain and you gotta hold it back no
no you don't hold it back you Channel it
right most accomplished people are where
they are because of that sex drive
it's no coincidence that some of the
greatest men who ever lived also had
notorious sex drives the Genghis khans
of the world you know the Napoleon
Bonaparte the the Alexander Grace all
the all the goats even the modern day
goats right the Michael Jordan's you
know the the
um the Jay-Z's I mean pick any industry
you want the Mike Tysons pick any
industry you want and if you look into
the life of the hyper successful man
you'll notice that one thing that they
have in common is they have a very very
high sex drive testosterone
primarily involved to help you pass on
your genes
and it gives you those other things to
help you get to that goal right it gives
you the increase in muscle obviously if
you train right unless you have great
genetics are you you're not just going
to have high tea and high muscle unless
you're actually trying you know what I
mean um because everyone thinks that oh
if you have high tea you got to have a
lot of muscle mass no there's a lot of
people that have high tea and look like
[ __ ]
because they don't train but they get
the cognitive benefits of the high cheek
you know the the increase in drive and
motivation and focus you know but that
is why testosterone increase so that's
why the things that increase
testosterone are the things that
increase fertility are the things that
increase your ability to pass on your
genes you know eating enough fat eating
enough carbohydrates enough uh protein
obviously not too much not too little
eating enough zinc magnesium Boron
vitamin D magnet you know all these
nutrients right the body is trying to
use them to help you pass on your genes
right that's the reason why we live
right please don't bring up outliers
right oh but I know there's one person
who doesn't care about yeah I like don't
[ __ ] count that's what the genes will
not be here you know in a century and
there's also other things that lower
your testosterone right other things
that are not fit the things that make
you not fit to reproduce right being
stressed all the time the body doesn't
think about you know reproduction when
you constantly stress whether it's
physical stress mental stress if it's
chronic if it's prolonged
um the body reduces testosterone because
the body's thinking you know
quote-unquote thinking hey this guy's
not fair to reproduce when I have female
clients and they try to get too lean
what happens to their estrogen levels
because obviously your body needs
testosterone to make estrogen the T
levels drop the estrogen levels drop
they lose their periods what happens to
men when they try to get too shredded
naturally sure enough that sex drive
goes down the T levels drop because the
body's thinking hey you do not have
enough nutrients
to pass on YouTube you're not worthy to
pass on your jeans that's really what
your body's saying right because the
body does know that it takes a lot of
energy not just to put into a production
but also to raise that kid right because
it's not just about having a kid it's
about raising the kid we all have 100
kids if they all die at age three that's
useless right so it takes a lot of
energy to
have a kid and raise the kid therefore
the body will only increase its
testosterone if you're doing things that
pretty much let your hypothalamus know
that okay the environment is fine
there's enough uh there's enough
sunlight there's enough energy there's
enough food there's enough water okay
time to clap cheeks so you want to
maximize T levels think in terms of
reproduction
all right stop thinking what can I do to
be bigger what can I do to be stronger
think what do I have to do to be at Peak
fertility
right the foods that make you fertile
the the behaviors that make you fertile
and feral
other things that are going to increase
your testosterone that's also why I
found a comical when people try to frown
on sex and chasing cheeks uh responsibly
that is I'm not saying you should go out
there and be a hoe right you don't want
to have a bunch of kids uh you know that
you're not gonna raise but I don't think
that you should be ashamed of your sex
drive because it is ultimately what
drives you to succeed whether you think
about it or not right
okay so I found a comical event I'm
trying to boost the testosterone but
they're like oh no no you know I'm gonna
go I want to be a monk you know I'm not
going to think about girls I'm not going
to try to you know clap cheese or or or
no that's dumb that's dumb right
ultimately if your T levels are high
your sex drive will be high
and if you and if you try to suppress
your sex drive you will also suppress
your T levels indirectly of course but
anyway let's look at the comments let's
answer some frequently asked questions
about this topic all right Megan said it
himself that first in the day comes the
energy and the motivation to get things
done and then lastly come sex the
process energy that's correct my
assumption was motivation drive to do
things or energy
um let's see uh not me if you're unique
if you lose your testosterone you're not
gonna have high energy but you still
have energy you can still have energy
and have you know Suboxone when there
was a testosterone
um testosterone evolved to really
maximize that help you
channel that energy into clapping cheeks
you know into passing on your genes
that's all at the end of the day guys
the only thing that matters you know
humans have been around for you know if
you want to go back to the beginning of
homo sapiens at least 300 000 years
right you want to go further than that
all the way to Homo erectus whatever
we've been around forever right and the
only reason why we're here today is
because our ancestors were constantly
successful at clapping cheeks right I
pass on the jeans you don't pass on your
jeans everything's special about you
does yes we evolve art and writing I
mean we created art in writing and and
you know you could live on through your
accomplishments right you know
literature you know bugs or you know
your name can be known if you achieve
great things whatever but ultimately as
far as your essence your genes that's
only going to get passed on if you clap
cheese you know and that's what this
awesome is here for even if people
forget even women have more testosterone
estrogen for a reason is crucial
um the average testosterone levels in a
woman is about 49 gram per deciliter
right anywhere from 30 to 50 depending
on the race and all that stuff and you
know how healthy the woman is but around
40 nanograms per deciliter obviously for
men you know it's between 300 to a
thousand obviously it should be closer
to a thousand but for women it's around
40. their astronaut level is around 20
right again it depends on what phase of
that menstrual cycle they're in you know
the follicular phase or lithium phase
but really you know level is almost half
you know the testosterone levels most
people don't even notice right so women
have more testosterone estrogen that's
how important testosterone is
um now they have more estrogen than men
and some people get confused and they
say oh estrogen is the female hormone it
doesn't say male hormone that's what
people get confused but you know women
have more estrogen than men but women
have more testosterone than they have
estrogen
um anyway so energy is pretty sure to
move ahead with our energy none of the
rest will be possible uh celebration
doesn't do much we're going to get
stronger do it
if I say motivation I'll drive into the
energy I go with that that way it's a
bit tricky I would assume energy
motivation without those we won't get
[ __ ] done
um no I like once again look at Unix
look at people who are castrated you
know yeah that you know you could argue
that the adrenals uh still produce some
testosterone but it's such a small
amount that you know it's really
significant but even if you completely
eliminate testosterone but really you'll
die because of the lack of estrogen not
really the lack of testosterone you know
because you need estrogen to live you
know I mean that's not even Up For
Debate but yeah you don't really need uh
a lot of testosterone type energy I mean
think about they can't look at the
average woman you know women have can be
high energy like you can find a lot of
high energy women and yet that
testosterone level is only around 49 but
that's a year meanwhile a man is around
again an average healthy males around
five to six hundred today which
obviously is sub-optimal but it's for a
whole different topic so you don't
really need you know you can't really
say that oh look men have 500 nanograms
per deciliter testosterone
which is over 10 times the amount of
women therefore men have 10 times the
amount of energy no you know it doesn't
work like that so you don't really need
high high level testosterone for energy
it gives you energy but you don't need
it for you know
for energy right the main reason we need
very high testosterone is to compete and
pass on our genes you know if I cut your
testosterone down to 300 100 gram per
deciliter yeah you're gonna feel like
[ __ ] but you're still gonna have enough
energy to you know to to get things done
it's just your ability to reproduce is
going to suffer because you're not gonna
want to channel that energy into
reproduction see the difference so to
sell something much diverse you know how
you use that energy
the new quizzes uh I actually give you
the answer right away you know the ones
where you just select the right answer
and I put the explanation and everything
those give you the answers
this way you don't have to wait for the
video you know
right nothing Moves In This World
Without testosterone correct this man
knows this [ __ ] hard uncomfortable
things need to be done for survival to
Assassin gives you the motivation and if
you rise to the challenge persevering in
the face of discomfort University
correct that's absolutely correct and so
I'm so that's why I've always loved to
start someone it's such a fascinating
hormone
it wrote the history of mankind we will
not be where we are today without this
thought someone literally you know you
could also argue that it won't be what
we are without estrogen but
um you need to assessment to make
estrogen
uh next uh this is one of the most
important cue to building a human race
since it's an exception yep I mean look
he he literally read my mind and
responsible for building everything we
have in front of us long-lived
masculinity let's go
uh motivation is the answer risk taking
to the end of winning mace that's not a
homo for aggression but for mistaken
yeah that's what people getting confused
they think it's not someone is just for
aggression not really it's indirectly
related to aggression it's really trying
to get you to boost your status so you
could clap cheeks but obviously in
um in some societies and cultures and
especially in the animal world you boost
your status to aggression so that's
where people made the correlation at
testosterone boost aggression it doesn't
directly boost aggression it boosts
motivation to improve your status anyway
69 is perfect yeah yeah I was actually
surprised how that turned out up topic
but sure that's uh yeah I'm trying to
stay focused guys you know don't don't
trigger my ideology I put energy because
uh then huberman says the home
responsible for giving effort but it
requires an immense amount of effort to
get some cheeks as well
um I can understand people saying energy
but testosterone despite people's
thoughts religious I'm shooting taking
action and making effort and risk taking
so worthwhile and good yeah yeah I mean
that's really what this awesome does you
know it it makes you want to you know to
chase that status you know it's not just
people think this also makes you want to
do hard things for the sake of doing
hard things no it makes you want to do
all things only those are things
directly or indirectly lead to you
earning a mate or gaining status
right else
people with high tea would just start
running marathons for no [ __ ] reason
no they only do so if they start to
their ability to get status I can make a
whole separate video about exactly why
testosterone increases your your desire
to do hard things whatever it's all
about reproduction it's all about
boosting status earning them even if you
don't think about it even if you say no
I'll just I'll just go to the gym
because I love it no [ __ ]
subconsciously your body's doing it
because when you do it when you go to
the gym you get compliments uh your
status goes up you look bigger whatever
there's a lot of subconscious things at
play you think you're doing it because
you love it but trust me if you're doing
something that requires effort that is
very hard
testosterone is making you do that
because it's tying that thing somehow to
your status right it just wants you to
level up you know like a RPG game all
right next procreation yep passengers a
little energy
um and and that's exactly how uh
testosterone increases dopamine dopamine
increases testosterone and testosterone
increases dopamine signaling that all
works together to maximize your focus
your drive your energy for the reasons I
explained earlier
sex hormones that married effects though
are very complex yeah yeah they do a lot
a lot of things you know in fact I'm
gonna educate you guys on all the
different things this last one does
through the polls and quizzes and stuff
like that it's not just you know the
poll only gives me four options but it's
a lot of different things that it does
testosterone increases libido in both
men and women equally it's higher than
men because the primary function is to
replicate of genetic code in fact I
could make a video about why it just
starts running so much higher than men
and women you know you could guess you
know it's because man needs to put in
more effort into finding a mate for
example think about it if you're the
average girl today as long as you look
good you go outside everybody's trying
to clap your cheeks right every man is
trying to pump you up a woman can
literally go outside right now in the
middle city as long as she looks good
enough and say behold clap my cheeks you
know unbothered and there'll be a line
of [ __ ] whereas meanwhile even if
you're a 10 out of 10 men you go in the
middle of the city and you say uh Hey I
want to ask this with a random girl yeah
if you're 10 out of 10 man you're gonna
get some but nowhere as much as the 10
out of 10 girls you know what I mean
um so men have to put a lot more effort
in order to pass on their genes you know
I watch the video that I made called
your ancestors the alpha male watch that
um and you're really gonna get an idea
how hard it was to reproduce at one
point in time I believe the number was
uh one man only one man we produce for
every 17 women at one point in time
that's how crazy it was think about it
you had to be that [ __ ] you had to be
the one dude
that was competent enough to reproduce
for every 17 women
the other guys just died cheekless you
know or maybe they were producing and
the kids didn't make it because the dad
didn't have no resources or was
incompetent enough or whatever so men
need
so much more effort so much more energy
uh before they pass on their dreams
right because women are very choosy very
picky and they should be you know they
release one nag every 30 days we release
millions of sperm cells in that time
frame so uh anyway I'll submit a video
about that it's called why women are
picky and it explains it will teach you
guys to stop hating women you know
they're not picky because they want to
be [ __ ] no they're picky because they
can watch the video I explained exactly
why
um they need to be very careful about
who impregnized them
anyway uh it's what makes a man a man
just doesn't use Mal's ability to burn
the camera both ends pushing to the
point and get them and kill them yeah
yeah I mean such a fascinating molecule
you know I've I've been fascinated with
ever since I was a child you know uh
it's so fascinating at how it literally
built the world around us
um if I'm gonna choose one I'm gonna say
muscle
um I mean you know I could show you a
lot of animals that have a lot of
testosterone doing mating season and a
scrawny as [ __ ]
um has to be energy uh I didn't read the
question before answering yes
let me see how long is this I can't keep
reading all this guys this video is
gonna be way too long just also exists
to create Curry dude
it's even funny that I know who this is
um but I'm gonna scroll down so you can
at least see your comments
um let's see
I mean
yeah so let me scroll down so everyone
gets a chance to see their comments
uh because I gotta wrap the video up
hmm
to pass on jeans correct
uh wow this one got a lot of comments
all right is that it okay that's it
um but yeah yeah testosterone evolved
for sex you gotta understand that
they're not evolve for muscle and for
strength and all that that's just
bonuses right those are just to
facilitate uh clapping cheeks you know
because if you look at the way we evolve
obviously you need to have strength
muscle energy to to make it you know to
make it out there you know competing
with all the other Homo sapiens in the
end of those that were out there at the
time you had to be high tea than a
[ __ ]
uh whereas now we're living this soft ah
we're living this horrible Society where
everything is handed to us you know
super comfortable no wonder two levels
are dropping you know you know you got
the shitty nutrient intake and you got
the shitty lifestyle factors you know
there's no stress there's no urgency you
can stay at home all day play video
games and you know you'll still be fine
so
the brain has no reason to release a ton
of luteinizing hormone
um you know a ton of GnRH there's no
reason to that's when you put man in a
situation where they have to compete or
where they're surrounded by women the
brain increases uh to sell some
production you know acutely because it
only gives you the amount of
testosterone you need to handle the
environment you're in if you're
surrounded by men that want to compete
against you you get a quick increase
into testosterone even independent of
luteinizing hormone and GnRH right your
body just uses a second pathway you know
to catecholamines and stuff like that if
you're surrounded by women same thing
you know if they're attractive boom your
body quickly increases your T levels to
make you put in more effort into
impressing them you know if you're a
burden to start doing the [ __ ] ass songs
you know if it's an animal that's still
fighting if it's a human that's thought
you know facing the posture and acting
Macho whatever the [ __ ] their culture
um requires them to do to boost their
status you know but anyway yeah I can
talk about this all day but gotta wrap
it up uh don't forget to join the
Discord the Reddit post your video
requests in the Discord support the
channel if you wish I'm out all right
guys don't forget to like or share the
video subscribe and hit the bell and buy
my HSB nucleus of a little training
program you see ultimate program for
maximum muscle growth it includes full
body workout splits bro splits Push Pull
home workouts you name it also comes
with a complete guide for macros
nutrition fat loss muscle growth
hormones including a meal plan it's
pretty much all my 16 years of
experience condensed into one [ __ ]
book you're also gonna get free copies
of any future Edition so visit
team3dalpha.com and you can use the 40
off coupon code nucleus of the Lord or
you could just buy the share full price
all right guys I'm out of here
