hey guys what's going on Megan here here
are the 10 best shoulder exercises for
Fighters based on science and over 20
years of experience if you're a fighter
and you have issues creating a workout
program that fits your busy schedule
this Tail list is for you the two
biggest problems Fighters face is first
of all your programs are trash I look at
your programs all the time they're
horrible right you're doing too much
most of your exercises are not efficient
your recovery ends up suffering because
you're doing too many redundant
movements and you keep forgetting that
again the two biggest issues Fighters
have is time and Recovery you guys do
not have enough time and enough recovery
capabilities to do too much you have to
find time for sparring for weightlifting
for conditioning and cardiovascular work
for Mobility work you just don't have
enough time so you want to pick
exercises that are very very time
efficient and I check as many boxes as
possible because remember as a fighter
you guys can only train you can only
lift about two to three times a week
right you got to find time for again
recovery and the other things I
mentioned so we're going to rank the 10
most popular shoulder exercises I'm
going to make it part two cuz there's so
many more shoulder movements but I'm
going to make it part two for the rest
of them but anyway the 10 most popular
shoulder exercises for Fighters and
that's regardless of your fighting sport
so that's for wrestlers for boxers MMA
Jiu-Jitsu you name it now as far as the
criteria we're going to use to rank
those movements it's very simple right
what what is the goal of weightlifting
what is the goal of resistance training
as a fighter well obviously you want to
build strength power stability imbalance
coordination Mobility cardio while
simultaneously reducing your risk of
injury so when you put all of that
together that leaves us with about five
to six criteria for selecting the best
shoulder exercise one it has to be
multi-joint two it has to obviously
train your core and allows you to work
on your stability three it has to be
functional it has to actually mimic the
movements you're going to be doing while
fighting it has to lower your injury
risk and it has to have a heavy
cardiovascular burden right yes you're
going to have separate days where you
work work on cardio and conditioning but
again you want to check as many boxes
off as possible so using those criteria
let's get started all right let's get
started lad raises this one's going to
shock many of you guys but it's actually
going to go in C in Fran in ganu right
it's not going to go higher now if this
was a bodybuilding list if this was
purely for Aesthetics it would be at the
very top of the list but this is for
Fighters so it's going to go in C tier
and it's very simple right number one
it's not multi-joint number two it does
not train or engage your core to a high
degree number three it is not really
functional right you're not going to be
doing a lot of lat raise movements again
depend on your combat sport now it does
gain a point for preventing imbalances
because you're obviously going to train
each uh each shoulder independently and
it does sort of lower your injury risk
right it kind of helps with Mobility a
little bit so because of that it's going
to gain two points and I'm going to put
in ceg here right and and not to mention
it's also not very uh toxic on your
cardiovascular system right so I'm not
going to rank it higher next you have
front raises dumbbell front raises most
of you guys are going to be doing this
standing anyway so let's see it's not
multi-joint it does not engage your
Corde to a high degree it is kind of
functional so I give it that it's
isolateral um it does lower your injury
risk to an extent but it does not have a
heavy cardiovascular bird so I'm going
to put that in C here as well but in
front of lateral razor they're actually
slightly more important simply because
you're going to be using your front
delts a lot more than your medial delts
in Combat Sports and it's one of the
very few list where you're going to see
me put front raise in front of a lateral
raise usually I always put the lateral
raise higher but again got to be
objective here next you have upright
rows so let's see number one it is a
multi-joint movement so it gains that
point number two it's I won't say it's a
functional movement unless you wrestling
right if you're a wrestler then it's
definitely functional if you're boxing
not really you're not going to be doing
a lot of uh upright rowing movements
during the fight so I'm going to say
it's semif functional right it really
depends uh it's not isolateral cuz using
an easy ball here it does not have a big
cardio burden and as far as injury risk
yeah it it I can't give you that point
right cuz a lot of people have really
bad shoulders and upright rad tends to
make it worse whereas for others they
don't feel any pain at all and it
actually helps that shoulder Mobility so
I'm going to generalize here and not
give it the point for shoulder mobility
and injury risk so I'm going to put that
in C tier right it only gains two points
maybe 1.5 depending on your combat sport
next you have the face pool so number
one it is multi-joint number two it does
not engage your core to a great extent
number three it is functional you're
going to be doing a lot of pulling
movements especially if you're doing
wrestling or MMA or even Jiu-Jitsu
number four it is not unilateral it is
very easy for the strong arm to take
over number five it does not have a
heavy cardio burden but number six it
does lower your risk of injury right and
it's very great for Mobility for
shoulder Mobility so it actually gains
three points and I'm going to put that
in B tier ual tier next you have seated
Arnold press so let's see number one
it's definitely multi-joint number two
it does not engage your core to a great
extent number three it is not functional
you're not going to be doing this
movement from a seated position in your
combat sport number number four it is
unilateral you could do one arm at a
time number five it is not cardio
extensive and number six it does help
with Mobility shoulder Mobility right so
longterm it lowers your injury risk I
know there's lot of controversy about
that some people say it's bad for your
shoulders some people say it's great for
your shoulders but I think long term as
long as you don't go too heavy it's
actually great for shoulder Mobility so
it gains three points I'm going to put
that at ugro SLB tier it's crazy that
ugro is B tier on this list right I mean
you're going up against barley and katos
so what can I say all right next she did
barbell military press so number one is
it multi-joint yes number two does it
greatly engage your cord no cuz you SE
it number three is it functional
no again you're not going to be doing
this movement seated during the fight
number four is a unilateral of course
not so that might lead to imbalances
long term number five does it have a
great cardio burden a little bit right
we'll give it that if you go heavy
obviously it's going to tax your
cardiovascular system and last but not
least does it increase shoulder Mobility
to a great extent combined with a low
risk of injury no you do not get great
shoulder Mobility from doing seated
ballb presses so it only scores two
points believe it or not I'm going to
put that in ceg Francis Nano tier right
guys remember C tier is still good it's
not a horrible tier I mean I called it
Francis Nano for a reason right so these
are still good exercises that just don't
hold a candle to the ones higher up on
the list right Francis nanu is still a
beast but he's no yujiro he's no kattos
and he damn sure is no Broly all right
next we have seated machine shoulder
press let's see is it multi joint yes
does it engage your call to a great
extent nope is it functional nope is it
unilateral nope is it cardio extensive
not really and does it greatly improve
shoulder Mobility no absolutely not this
one only scores one point and it goes in
smeo tier if you're a fighter you have
no business doing seated machine
shoulder prices now if this was a
bodybuilding SL aesthetic tier list I
will rank it a lot higher because you
actually want sort of the opposite of
this uh list when you're doing when
you're going for bodybuilding right you
want High stability you don't want the
exercise to have a great cardio burden
you want to isolate the muscle blah blah
blah right if this was a bodybuilding
list guys this list would be completely
upside down for the most part but this
is for fighting combat sports right so I
don't want to see you idiots in the
comment section saying the machine
should press is a great exercise yeah
for bodybuilding not for Combat Sports
next oh I put this twice but don't worry
about it standing dumbbell military
press now this is going to shock a lot
of you guys so number one it's multi-
joint number two it greatly engages your
core so great for stability and you guys
know as a fighter your core is
everything not only for stability but
that's where a lot of your power is
going to come from I already mentioned
that in my tail list video on the most
important muscles for Fighters make sure
you check it out but anyway number three
is very functional especially in
wrestling and grappling number four is
isolateral you could use one arm at a
time and it's not going to lead to
imbalances number five it has a great
cardio burden because again you got to
stabilize your body you got to engage
your core you got to use your upper
traps your front delts a little bit of
your side delts it's going to shuttle
oxygen throughout your entire body and
it is amazing for Mobility so it's going
to go in s it's one of the very few
exercises that I program for every
fighter client that I have When anybody
comes to me and says hey can you
customize my program for fighting for
Combat Sports that exercise is at the
top of the list along with another
exercise that's not on this teer list
probably going to be an episode two next
we have the heated dumbbell shoulder
press number one it's multi-joint number
two it does not engage your call to a
great extent number three it's not
really functional number four it is
unilateral you could do one them at of
time number five it does not have a
great cardio burden number six it is
decent for shoulder Mobility though it
does carry a high injury risk as you go
heavier and heavier but I give it that
point so I'm going to put in Bat tier
but at the very end of BT right it's not
better than the alln Press if you a
fighter and last but not least we have
the standing overhead press aka the
military press so let's see it is a
multi-joint movement it greatly engages
your core it has a huge cardio burden
but it's not great for shoulder mobility
and it is not a unilateral movement so
it's going to lose two points and it is
semi functional depending on your
specific combat sport so I'm going to
put it in a tier stay tuned for episode
two I'm going to cover 10 more shoulder
exercises all right guys that's it if
you want to support the channel grab a
copy of the new taso and ebook and my h
SP nuclear civil low training program
I'm out
