subscribe hey what up guys um this quick
video Hold on let me set the timer of
course know what it is 2
minutes all right um this video is about
milk now believe it or not I have read a
lot of articles about milk and you know
the good aspects of milk you know when
it comes to bodybuilding and building
muscle and things like that but I never
really I was like it was just you know
Jimmy Str Stu I was okay it's just you
know just magazines you know then um
recently my roommate that I told you
about Muhammad I moved in with him
around um December and he saw my
physique and he was like man you getting
big you're getting big hey what are you
doing what are you doing now he's an
ectomorph I I could actually find some
before pictures of him so I could show
you guys in December he he's an
ectomorph right skinny as [ __ ] and of
course he's my homeboy so I'm trying to
like you know not tell him the truth so
I'm like hey man come on you don't look
that bad he go nor I want to work out
man my legs are so skinny my arms are so
skinny and I'm like deep inside I'm
thinking yeah you skinny as [ __ ] but I'm
going to telling him no man you good you
that's not that bad just start lifting
and you know slowly you make
progress this guy made tremendous gains
right now if I show you Muhammad you're
going to be if I show you the before
picture in December and the picture of
him now you're not going to believe it
big out of his [ __ ] mind he's not
like no Ronnie Coleman type B but
compared to like from where he came from
he's actually pretty huge now and I was
thinking I was like okay we doing the
same workouts obviously cuz you know he
you know he needed coaching and like
bodybuilding and things so we're doing
the same workouts you know he's training
the same way I'm training we're going to
the gym the same day doing the same
exercises you know bench pressing
focusing on incline deadli squats things
like that but his games were too fast so
I'm thinking all right maybe this guy
has cont the genetics you know so but it
wasn't just that because he he grew too
fast I'm like man why are you so [ __ ]
big now I looked at his diet because I I
got him into eating six meals a day and
things like that and I look at his diet
and you know even though he knows what
to eat you know like I said he's just
getting started so he doesn't have the
discipline yet you know kind of like us
when we first started so he's kind of
like struggling with his meals he's not
eating his meals he's skipping meals
he's not sleeping enough and it's it's
the same thing for everybody when we
start off we kind of like lazy there's
no way there's no [ __ ] way shut up
when we start off we kind of lazy and
you know like we really don't get
discipline until later on we hit rock
bottom we like okay [ __ ] it I got to
make a change so that was the case with
him up to this point and I was like why
are you getting so big though like I
said his shoulders are coming out but
anyway make a long story short cuz like
I said I'm violating good time right now
um I looked at his diet and one thing I
noticed is all he does coincidentally is
drink milk and it's not like he knew
what the benefits of milk were he just
he was just addicted to milk that's all
he would do is drink milk now before he
started lifting obviously he would drink
milk and nothing would happen he just
skinny as [ __ ] when he started lifting
that milk that same amount of milk that
he was drinking for some reason it's all
he was living off and he was getting all
kinds of gains no protein shake no
creatine every once in a while he'll
take something he'll forget but the milk
is oh he's not consisted of so one day
actually went online and I was like
being a researcher that I [ __ ] I was
like okay I got to find out if there's
something in milk cuz I know I read
about it before but no I I didn't think
it would be that that real and they were
like boom Studies have shown that milk
is a tremendous Catalyst to like
building muscle and I'm like okay maybe
it's just like you know then I realized
wait they're not getting anything from
that why would they lie to us it's not
like that that you know the milk company
is paying them or some [ __ ] and I like
that's true this guy's ecomorph he's
going so fast people at the gym see him
and they're like dude is that the skinny
Muhammed guy that used to come in here
and all he's drinking is milk so when I
went I saw that I told him I said hey I
found out milk is like you know actually
the reason why you you know you not the
reason why but it's one of the reasons
why you growing so fast he was like oh
really now mind you he's already
addicted to milk so when he heard that
[ __ ] he was like oh [ __ ] it now he
drinks milk like all day long like we we
he's my roommate we go grocery shopping
together we buy a gallon of milk it
doesn't even last half a day and his G
are ridiculous since he an ectomorph he
doesn't get fat he just get gains
muscle don't ask me how like I said this
is what I'm telling you guys science is
good but sometimes science just like
doesn't have all the answers science
tells you that you got to have all these
other things to build more so what this
ectomorph is just drink drinking milk
he's getting all types again I'm not
knocking out science cuz science helps
me out a lot but I'm telling you guys
man this is like a revelation and
believe it or not I hopped on it I
[ __ ] hopped on it I drink milk like
every every 2 3 hours now man I want to
see some games because I live with him I
saw my own eyes he doesn't know anything
my bodybuilding so you have a good
example of con genetics and but he's AC
so he doesn't have great you know
genetics so it's really just that milk
don't I don't know how it's working but
anyway that's just my advice to you guys
hop on it if you like those intolerant
well I don't know I don't know how
you're going to do it I used to be like
this intolerant believe it or not that's
why I don't mention milk in my in my
lowbudget Foods cuz when I drink milk my
stomach is all Hero my n my stomach
just all day long but I was like [ __ ] it
I want to build some mus so I just kept
drinking MK day in and day out and
eventually I get my body adapted to it
whatever you want to call it I don't
really you respond negatively to it
anymore I just drink milk every once in
a while I F you know once or twice you
know stink up the over room but that's
about it but I want to see if you know
I'm actually going to get some gains by
the end of the month with this milk
thing but like I said it's work it for
him now obviously he's eating more you
know because he saw the results he's
eating more throughout the day every 2
to three hours and things like that but
he's still drinking his milk and it's
working so guys try it out let me know
what you you know let me know how it
works for you if you haven't been
drinking a lot of milk try doing that
you know that milk [ __ ] cuz like I said
there's I don't have research behind it
but it's working for him so it should
work for at least 80% of you guys out
there especially you got you know you
act the most all right guys um this
video has a clear violation of my
two-minute um timer thing but
um anyway subscribe team 3D
