hey guys what's up Megan here uh I got
this question in my inbox a lot of
subscribers um about mtus video on H you
guys know I'm big on H um I've been
doing it for years when I wanted to trim
fat and I I said it to this to this day
that I hate cardio I hate the idea C I
hate the concept behind if you trying to
build muscle and shed fat or whatever
and you know I was always big on H
especially not not just because it's
better more intense and TT a last time
out because it also works your abs and
so much so many muscle groups as opposed
to cardio you know and I used to always
compare sprs to uh marathon runners you
know people that Sprint have those you
know lean huge Bucky monsters because
the way they train and people that just
run marathons which is like doing cardio
pretty much skinny as [ __ ] man but
anyway that's just my opinion plus you
know that's how I got my abs you guys
saw me when I was lan my abs were you
know [ __ ] ridiculous for somebody who
hasn't train abs and that was because I
used to do tons T and T of Sprints you
know even when I was in Texas but anyway
so if you wanted to know what was my you
know um it's been a while since I
uploaded H
videos uh but this is me and my uncle's
H spint you know we do this every
morning it's actually day two now we
just started doing this again because
it's June as you guys don't know it's
actually May 31st but you know June is
right around the corner meaning it's
time for me to get shredded but not
shredded just lean uh it's not really a
cut just you know like a mini um mini
cut CU like I mentioned in the previous
video trying to get some extra fat off
my waist and it's trying to look good
for the summer you know and it's June
you know I was going to wait till that
was 200 lb before we started this but um
June is here you know I didn't I didn't
make I didn't complete my goal in time
my deadline was June 1st and it's May
31st so anyway and thank God my uncle is
also trying to you know get lean he's
been doing the try for about a year now
before he was big on cardio but he know
this cardio only takes you certain
a certain distance after that call you
start giving you great results so I
convin him to join me in HT and uh he
been doing even even when I wasn't doing
it he was doing it by himself at one
point uh it works great guys you know
there's nothing like high intensity
interval training nothing like that I
would never substitute that for cardio
unless you know something R from doing
so anyway we just do um because it's the
first week for June we just we're just
doing you know we're just trying to get
ready for this cuz it's so intense so we
doing five rounds every morning 9:00
before we go to work uh five rounds uh
you know we Sprint up the hill and we
walk down Sprint up walk down when
you're walking down that's your cool
down period and you know we Sprint
that's obviously your high
intensity period and boy this kicks her
ass especially if you Haven you haven't
done this in a while you guys know um my
other I do different version of H his
Sprints are my favorite but I also use
jump roping you guys know you saw my
videos from last year when I was doing a
tri I was jump broke high intensity then
cool down high intensity cool down uh
but my uncle he doesn't I don't think
he's a big fan of jumpo thing so we just
going um Hill
Sprints so yeah guys that's it
uh you have more questions inbox
me and um I will see you I guess on the
next video right also
um like let me see if I have more room
to
talk yeah see this video is over all
right guys so uh Tim 3D dominance
discipline Direction remember H to burn
fat and build that explosive power and
speed and do not forget do not forget hi
is where it's at
[Music]
[Music]
