all right guys number one rule of
dieting or getting lean or whatever
number one rule is never ever ever go
hungry never cuz the moment you go
hungry your war power starts to suffer
you start you start to make bad
decisions that's you know that's
guarantee that's proven prove the
thing right when you have when you're
hungry your W power goes down in the
 that's why you can get up
in the morning and say man today's going
to be a great day I'm going to die right
I'm going to eat right and when you wait
till you're hungry it doesn't matter how
much um how much um resolve you had in
the morning that goes away you know
you stopped by McDonald's Wendy's Subway
whatever so you when you you nor one you
don't want to be hungry so best way to
fix that to you know number
one cook
that's rule number two cook your meals
in the morning or the night before this
where at least when you go hungry the
the decision- making process is not that
hard because you already have something
to eat I mean I'm tell you guys basic
principle people have been using for
years guys don't allow yourself to go
hungry and the best way to fix that is
to use rule number two which is get up
early or the night before and make your
meal that's going to limitate at least
half of the decision making
process uh also as far as what what to
eat eat stuff that's going to fill you
up right I get up in the morning and I
st produ some my meals for the week this
is going to last me for about two two to
3 days two to three days cuz it's not
the only veggies I eat but veggies help
you stay full they're full of nutrients
um and obviously you're going to eat
that with a lot of protein it's going to
help you stay sated it's going to it's
going to um keep your appetite in check
so the first meal of the day you know
whether you're doing carback loading or
whatever whatever diet you're doing make
sure it's high protein
high
fiber you know and high fats obviously
that's going to help you keep full the
fats is going to give you some kind of
lasting energy throughout the day to be
what type of fats you're eating and on
top of that the vegie going to help you
you know right you know so that the
high protein doesn't make you
breaks so everything works out so anyway
I'm I'm making kale the typical another
thing is you you know you don't want to
have too many too many meals it's going
to impress your decision making like oh
I don't know what to make today I eat
the same over and over again right
from day one I open in this channel here
I'm making kale carrots onions right and
I spice it up with all this right to
make it taste good you don't want your
food to taste like
crap and that's actually rule number
three you want to eat things that you
actually like so kale onions carrots uh
I put ginger in there I want to put some
fish sauce to give it some kind of Asian
flavor and then I'm going to put that in
tupperware keep it in the fridge this
why I always have something to eat Plus
I won't be hungry you know that's not
going to make me uh want to cheat and
stuff right that's why every time I Dev
from carback loading I get fat every
time I deviate from every time I try to
eat carbs in the morning because I
didn't cook or you know uh my w p was
down I get fat it's
ridiculous once again it's purely an and
also um so anyway number one don't go
hungry number two make your meals in the
morning or the night before this so when
you do go hungry you have something to
eat and number three cook only the stuff
that you like like I always say make a
list of the healthiest foods I made
videos about that healthiest veggies
healthiest fruits healthiest um um Meats
whatever for for a
bodybuilder and out of that list select
only the ones that you like don't force
yourself to eat something you don't want
because that's going to make the
decision process even harder right
there's nothing worse than being being
hungry and having to choose between
shitty veggies or Subway or McDonald's
you're always going to go for Subway
McDonald's so
at least cook stuff that you enjoy
eating all right after this I'm going to
make my protein and I'll show you guys
good luck you want to add something hi
hi y Come On Son anyway so let's let's
make a video and show them how we came
out with these insas and we spend like
the last 10 minutes
laughing first one is you have to you
have
