hey guys what's up this with some videos
on my progress I'm definitely not where
I want to be but I want to we there
that's what counts I mentioned on
Facebook the other day I said um it's
not about how high you are in the ladder
as long as you one step higher than you
were yesterday so don't worry about
where you at now just make sure you wear
a step higher than you did before anyway
um I get a lot of question
saying what is my meal plan what is my
diet like that's pretty simple it's very
easy to come up with a mail plan and the
reason why I don't like buying mail ples
online or downloading them or whatever
is because a lot of the foods that
mentioned first of all I'm L budget I
can't even afford most of those things
and everybody got their own preferences
their own taste so quick simple video on
how you you know how do how I do my meal
plan right so it's just my advice my
opinion um first thing I do is I write a
list let me see if you guys can see this
I write a list of a list of the pro you
know some of the proteins out there
protein sources so you got beef chicken
fish turkey eggs gizzards tuna tuna is
fish so milk cot cheese then I write you
know pasta for carbs rice beans bread
potatoes yams couscous if you're African
the bottom I po plantain Fufu hint hint
that [ __ ] know what I'm talking
about fat healthy fats you got nuts
that's cashews almonds you know all that
stuff avocados if I'm feeling Rich olive
oil cheese you know and what I do is I
write down and this is just like a
generic list there's a lot more sources
out there this is just what I could come
out with you know in like 30 seconds so
you write down the stuff that you like
to eat the proteins you like to eat out
of this list write them down on on the
piece of paper called protein and write
down the cars you like to eat write down
the fats you like to eat right make sure
they're healthy healthy fats right the
next thing you do is you want to put um
one serving of each so after you wrote
down let's say me Jonathan I only like
uh
beef
fish I race chicken I know you guys are
thinking racist [ __ ] like oh
man you know you eat chicken [ __ ] you
turkey
gizzards let me make this simple let's
say I just I just like three sources of
protein right those three I'm just
exaggerating right let's I just like
those three and as far as cars I only
like pasta and rice right just a simple
example and as far as fats I only like
nuts quit being nasty guys so what I do
is I write first of all you got to know
your Macros know your [ __ ] macros
know your maintenance calories and your
bulking or cutting calories right so now
start off with one serving of each write
down one serving of beef 4 ounces right
20 gram of protein whatever write that
down based on the brands you like to
purchase if you don't know the serving
sizes go on go on Google you can find
anything on Google um or go to my
fitness spile just type one serving of
the beef that you like to to purchase
write that down it's going to show you
the macros me I have a software on XL
that I made myself you know it took me
like 6 hours to learn how to use those
XL features and I made my own macro
calculator it's perfect I like doing my
own [ __ ] this why I could customize it
cuz you you don't see fuu on my fitness
P so beef I put one C in of beef it
tells me protein CS fat calories then I
put one serving of you know chapia for
example you know one serving of eggs and
I put uh one serving of pasta one
serving of rice one serving of nuts cuz
that's the foods I like to eat right
then look at the total obviously my
let's say my calories are 1,800 a day
right once you put that in it's going to
tell you you at 800 calories so
obviously you didn't meet your goal yet
so you just want to increase the serving
sizes so I go back and I put oh let's
make it two servings of beef right so
two let's add one more serving of pasta
let's add two more servings of nuts and
I just look look look again at my
calorie and macro gold let's see my
let's say my macro goal for protein was
I'm making them numbers 100 protein 100
G of C was 100 gram of fat I'm just
making up numbers so if I notied that
after I change the serving sizes I'm at
80 gr of protein 50 grams of carbs and
30 grams of fat so I just go back H I
need I need more fat so I increase the
serving sizes of the nuts and of course
it's going to change some of the protein
and the C content as well and I just
keep increasing the serving sizes until
I get close to like 100 100 100 if
that's my macro goal and if you go over
your micro gold say you you know you you
added the servings kind of like in
chemistry you know when you balance out
once you notice that by adding too many
serving sizes you R over your Macros you
see at the end you have 100 g of protein
100 grams of carbs and instead of 100
gram of fat you had 120 well take off
and ser in a nuts you know what I'm
saying so that's how you make meal plant
it's so simple it only takes about 10 15
minutes max pull out a piece of paper
write down your favorite protein sauces
favorite carb sauces favorite healthy
fat sauces and just change the serving
sizes until you you know you meet your
micro goal once you know at the end of
that you're going to find out okay I
need three servings of nuts uh four
servings of pasta two servings of beef
yada yada y once you know what you need
to meet to meet your macro go all you
got to do is just you know split them up
into meals all right breakfast I'm going
to eat this and that this and that this
and that and then you you know if you
print out your meal plan you could just
cross out or or you know check as you're
eating so at the end of the day you go
did I eat my three SS of nuts yes check
check did I eat my two Ser of pasta
check check did I eat my my my three or
four whatever Serv of tilapia and that's
it it's the easiest way to you know
track your Macros and if you want you
could just make you could just use the
same nutrients uh the same foods and
just switch up the you know the order
you make your meals so you know you
don't want to be bored so you can make
this Tuesday's meal plan Friday's meal
plan with different types of food where
you can add potatoes instead of pasta
and just fix the in the serving sizes
that's all it takes it's very simple try
it out I hope it helps um that's how I
manage to stay lean on my bul cuz I
learned my lesson like I said I'm I'm a
former fat ass so my body my body put
some fat really really really fast
you've been following me for a long time
you'll notice that so my transformation
videos I could go from really lean to
really fat in a short amount of time
because when you when you us to be fat
and you lose weight your body does not
lose the fat cells they just empty out
so when you start eating again and you
you don't watch your diet they you they
fill up so God gave me this nipple to
keep track of my fat and like right now
my nipple is fat right now that means I
I I probably at something I shouldn't
have ate and when I go two days by two
days eating clean this [ __ ] disappears
it's very weird but it helps me out
that's how I know I'm putting on fat or
not so look at the bright side of things
uh so yeah try this side guys hope it
helps come out with your meal plans and
you know try to stay lean try to stay
lean on your bug and if you get bored
just add different food sources you know
just fix the serving
sizes uh that's about it um hope I
answerers your questions check out the
website Richard is doing a a great job
on it you know he he needs you guys
support um to put more changes low
bug.com add me on Facebook Jonathan
Megan I'm the only Jonathan Megan in
Facebook follow me on Twitter team 3D
Army and
um dominate your life fellas yo chill
