all right guys mean here here's day one
of uh the second cycle of my cut anyway
here's the liver with the onions bell
peppers uh green onions and a whole
bunch of [ __ ] shitload of seasoning plus
over here we got the broccoli
steaming and then I'm going to move on
to the the next
St oh we got the coffee is right about
done going to take that with a one scoop
of whey protein
shake next up is two eggs by the way
guys this the oil that I use Lana
coconut oil for cooking I use the extra
virgin olive oil to put on top of my
dish all right guys how I like my eggs
not overcooked not too
undercooked you got to have that
consistency I'm very picky about that
still checking on the broccoli should be
done pretty soon it's already turning
really bright green
all right guys in the meantime I'm
cooking my
lentils and
um my plate is almost done and I'm also
timing myself to see how long it takes
on average to do this every morning this
way I'll probably do it at night I'm
going to leave the table intact for my
second
mail all right guys time for my fiber
and fruit bowl I'm going to mix uh all
my fiber all my seeds all my fruit it's
going to be loaded with fiber and
Boron so here I'm going to use about
half a cup C all right next I'm going to
use some cashews some
mixnuts some walnuts some almonds and
some dried raisins I'm going to use a
little bit of each to make it last as
long as possible these things are really
expensive all right guys now that I'm
done with the dried raising and a
variety of nuts for my healthy fats
Omega 3es blah blah blah now I'm St to
get some berries raspberry strawberry
some red
grapes all right guys that's it fruit
bowl bananas strawberries raspberries
nuts brand fiber and um just a tiny tiny
bit of Honey with some flavor dying
should not suck guys find ways to make
your dice taste somewhat good the better
the the easier you D is the longer it's
going to last and here my lentil is
almost done
cooking going to add that to the
plate all right guys last but not least
I'm sautéing my
lentils actually tastes pretty good you
put the right seasoning and they're easy
to make unlike beans you don't have to
uh rinse them and let let them soak for
like two hours you just cook them right
away and just put a lot of seasoning
steam it for a while about 15 minutes
and then still
sauté really good high in protein high
and fiber all right all right guys
finished I have my liver my avocado my
Lantos my broccoli my eggs my fruit bowl
my coffee and and that's what I'm going
to do every morning for meal one meal 2
is going to be a lot quicker to make
because I'm going to use a lot of the
leftovers from this and combine it
together right I'm going to enjoy say
hi say hi sexy baby mama I just said hi
a camera shot stop baby baby say hi say
hi say hi YouTube say hi team
3D say hi there you come on say hi to
the house for come on say hi okay that's
fine actually she want to eat I'm guys
what's going on guys Megan here heading
out to Walmart where Hansard to go
grocery shopping hope you guys had a
good
Thanksgiving we pretty much spent um
