hey guys going on Megan here he had all
the right to smack her I repeat he had
all the right to hit her back once again
I don't I don't condone violence against
women or men
but I do condone self-defense
regardless whether you're a man a woman
a goat or whatever I do condone
self-defense right he had all the right
to her back right for those of you guys
who don't know what happened Dana White
in fact you could just look at the
statement here right long story short
his wife hit him they were at the bar
they were chilling uh she slapped them
as you can see here I can't roll the
clip obviously you know YouTube is going
to destroy me uh but she hit him and he
hit it right back right and uh and then
he you know he went on the record and
said that you know he regrets it and he
shouldn't have done it blah blah blah
everybody's going crazy over the
Internet
um and at first I was like you know what
it's fine you know it's their problem
they could do it really warm right you
know it's that dysfunctional family
everyone has issues but then he made
this statement right here which drove me
insane and I was like no I gotta make a
video because you guys know now I'm
focusing I'm really really invested into
the mentor for men so he goes I mean
Cabo Mexico for the holidays with my
family my wife and I were out on New
Year's Eve blah blah blah unfortunately
this will happen I'm one of the guys if
you've ever heard me say there's never
ever an excuse for a guy to put his
hands on a woman and I had to pause
right there I almost [ __ ] threw up
right I almost threw up what do you mean
there's never an excuse there's plenty
of excuses my dude I'll give you plenty
of excuses a guy should never hit a
woman first just like a guy should never
hit another guy first right assuming the
other person didn't do anything but at
the moment a woman places her hands on
you you have all the right to smack that
[ __ ] right I don't give a [ __ ] you guys
know I'm all about protecting women I'm
all about masculinity I'm all about
fulfilling your role as a man which is
again to protect to provide to Father
things like that I'm all about that but
at the same time I'm also all about
respect and honor you're not gonna put
your hands in a dude and expect her not
to Clack you back you guys are giving
women way too much leverage right right
and that's the thing with uh feminists
right they say they want equality but we
really know they want super Rarity right
because they're saying oh we want
equality men and women are equal men and
women are the same fine fine [ __ ] we're
the same but yeah you're gonna hate me
and expect me not to hate you back how's
that equality how's that equality when
you place your hands on me you hurt me
and then I'm not supposed to fight back
that is not equality let's talk to you
guys I can't stand a feminist movement
right if you would have told me to join
the feminist movement years ago where
women were actually oppressed by all
means I would have been the first in
line right because I have women in my
life that I love dearly but nowadays if
you talk about being a feminist in
America or you're a piece of [ __ ] right
you're out of your goddamn mind right
because women have way more rights than
men okay I mean look at this this is a
great example can you imagine if it was
the first they think about it she
slapped him he slapped the back right
now everyone is you know coming out with
pitchforks and trying to crucify him or
whatever he's even turning into a sample
saying oh yeah I shouldn't hit it back
whatever [ __ ] right can you imagine
if the table's return can you imagine if
it was the first guy to hit her imagine
if it was the first guy to hit her he
would have been arrested he would have
lost everything he you know he has
people would have crucified him butt
naked I mean tolerant feather you name
it right so you can't tell me oh oh
feminism we want equality how's that
equality she hits him first and nothing
happened to her nothing no one is
dragging her through the mud
he hits her back and he's the one
getting Heat
right and I hate the argument and God
like you see don't give me that that
whole oh well men are bigger than women
so that's what they shouldn't hate women
that's [ __ ] that's [ __ ] because
if it was about size so you mean to tell
me that okay so if a man who's 130
pounds hits him he shouldn't hit back
either because that the 130 pound guy
smaller than him uh uh okay so so it's
different then so that means it's not
about size because people always say
that oh the reason why men shouldn't hit
women back is because the woman is
smaller and she's weaker okay so in that
case a [ __ ] could punch the [ __ ] out
of you and you're not gonna punch it
back a 40 year old major can drop kick
you in your chest and you're not gonna
hit him back right 120 year old guy can
slap you across the face you're not
gonna hit him back because he's smaller
than you you guys know it's [ __ ] so
that's like we know it's not about size
don't give it all what women can't hurt
me yes A woman can't hurt a man she
could punch him she could scratch him
she could gather his eyes out she could
kick him in the nuts stop acting like
women can't hurt men they can't they do
it all the time they scratch the punch
they kick they could throw objects so
telling the man that he shouldn't fight
back this is where Dana White lost me
right when he said there's never an
excuse you can't send that message out
to young men out there or to men in
general you want to be a Sim you want to
let your wife beat on you and you want
to act like a tough guy a virtual signal
fine but don't send that message out
there and and tell naive man that oh
wait I guess that's the way to be a man
if a woman hits me I shouldn't hit her
back this is [ __ ] that's why so many
men get abused at home and refuse to
report it or refuse to defend himself
because they believe that they would be
seen as weak and that they have to take
it [ __ ] if you're watching this
video right now I'ma say once again if
somebody puts their hands on you male or
female return the favor you need to
protect your personal space you need to
protect your honor you got to have some
self-respect right what if somebody's
dating a 300 pound [ __ ] most money is
dating a trick that's 400 pounds 350
pounds some guys love that [ __ ] they
like big chicks right so even something
for guys 150 pounds and he dates a 350
pound woman and she smacks him
clotheslines him drop kicks him
sits on his freaking you mean something
that he can't fight back either
where do we draw the line once again I'm
like I said I'm all about masculinity
I'm all about protecting women providing
for women especially for yours I'm all
about that team through the alpha
dominance discipline Direction have so
many videos and importance on the values
of masculinity but at the same time that
does not mean that I'm gonna promote
simp ass Behavior you white Knights
drive me insane how are you gonna say
there's never an excuse for God to put
his hands on a woman there's hella
excuses the first one being self-defense
second one being respect your history
you hit it right the [ __ ] back you guys
gotta teach women to stop hitting man up
I'm so sick of it you can see so many
videos on Tick Tock so many videos on on
on on on YouTube where women are hating
their boyfriends not not playing not
play fighting hitting them there's a
video I saw about two three weeks ago
when she was hating the God thing he was
bleeding from his lip and everyone was
laughing in the comment section and I
was like what the hell is this
I wish a [ __ ] would look at me wrong
let alone hate me but that's the society
we're living right you guys want men to
literally be like I mean you guys
remember the video I made about uh the
top 10 most dangerous jobs I have men
are the ones who keep Society running
men are the ones who protect us they're
in the military they're the cops they're
the correction officers the majority of
the roofers the truck drivers the sewage
workers in Waste Management the loggers
the fishermen working on the power lines
right miners doing all the dangerous
jobs that nobody else wants to do all
those jobs are 90 male or more so you
want him to do all of this [ __ ] give
their lives away and then still come
home and get smacked in the face and and
take it how much more is society trying
to take from it
we have to register for the draft if it
is world war three we have to go out and
fight and die even if we don't want to
one of both sinks women are the first
ones out which once again I'm fine with
right but I didn't mean to tell me that
on top of all this we have to come home
and get beat on and we have to just take
it [ __ ] no stuff anybody's watching this
video again Dana White if that's how you
want to live your life
fine you could let your wife beat up on
you but don't tell other men to do the
same
there's never an excuse for no maybe
it's not an excuse for you to hit your
woman back but I wish that's the thing
in my relationship we have clear rules
clear rules the only reason I would
never hit my girlfriend is because she
will never [ __ ] hit me right it'll be
together for years
we have a kid together I don't play that
[ __ ] I respect her I take care of her I
provide I protect I do everything a man
is supposed to do and at the same time I
ask for respect in return
machine knows very clearly you pay your
hands on me the funny thing is a girl
slaps me I'm not going to slap her back
I'm a pile Drive
stone cold stunner rock bottom of my ass
I don't play that [ __ ] bro nah like
you guys want to be Simpson this new day
and age fine go right ahead but I have
some dignity and some self-respect so
you disagree with me in the comment
section that's fine but for the young
guys out there don't don't buy into this
[ __ ] right
be a respectable young man
protect your Society
fight for the women you love
treat them with honor respect love all
of that [ __ ] but if they cross the line
if they [ __ ] around please let them find
out
I repeat if they [ __ ] around let them
find out
guess not put in your house that's not
putting your hands on a woman that's
self-defense
and also self-respect but anyway guys
I'm out of here comment below let me
know your thoughts I don't give a [ __ ]
about them anyway but don't forget to
join the Discord don't forget to join
the Reddit let's grow together in 2023
I'm out all right guys don't forget to
like or share the video subscribe and
hit the bell and by my HSB nucleus of a
little training program it's the
ultimate program for maximum muscle
growth it includes full body workout
splits bro splits push-pull home
workouts you name it also comes with a
complete guide for macros nutrition fat
loss muscle growth hormones including a
meal plan it's pretty much all my 16
years of experience condensed into one
[ __ ] book you're also gonna get free
copies of any future Edition so visit
team3dalpha.com and you can use the 40
off coupon code nucleus of the Lord or
you could just buy this [ __ ] at full
price all right guys I'm out of here
