hey guys what's going on Megan here all
right I know it's new year so everyone
is setting their physique goals um and
other life goals so I thought of this
Ste this idea right top physiques you
can reach naturally because a lot of you
guys don't have realistic goals right
one of the first ways to fail is to
literally set an impossible goal so for
those of you guys who are looking for
physique goal ideas watch this video
right so I'm going to pick 30 UFC
physiques uh and because there's so many
guys there's so many UFC guys that I
could by the way watch my other videos
that I did on this topic but there are
so many physic so I'm going to narrow it
down for this one uh to the goats only
right the top 20 goats Undisputed goats
and then I'm going to add 10 more people
to that right so five potential goats
you know a little controversial and five
uh what I call Future goats right so
this list is going to have the past
goats the controversial ones that you
can kind of make a case for and against
and then the ones that are on the path
to becoming ghosts in the future okay
and if you want I could make another
video for the rest of the guys that
didn't make this list all right you
ready so and obviously the tit list is
going to be ranked from uh realistic
goal so if if somebody goes here then
it's a realistic goal um you can achieve
that naturally regardless of your
genetics you have I don't know bro I
don't know that one is for physique goes
up here you could still set it as a as a
Natty goal but I don't know man it's
going to require obviously see a ton of
discipline perfect di perfect training
and obviously above average genetics you
have easy right so again that's a goal
that you can achieve with no issue
regardless of your genetics you have LOL
which is come on you guys probably look
like this already and then you got stop
the cap right so if a physique goes here
stop it don't lie to yourself again I'm
all about setting big big goals that's
the big reason why I like even when I
was a kid getting anime broadly uh
setting all these unrealistic goals I'm
all for that as long as you're using it
just to motivate yourself but deep down
the side you know you'll never hit it
like I know I never look like Bry but
that was always a motivational force uh
same thing with the Natty uh sorry the
roided athletes you see me post a lot I
know I'm never going to look like that
um but it's good motivation you know but
so if a physique goes here guys you
could use it as motivation but don't
think you're going to look like it right
don't just stop it um and then you got
impossible right AKA Michael herna right
you're not hitting this unless you're a
lying son of a [ __ ] okay naturally that
is uh but all right so let's get
started let's see uh let's start with
Connor right and as far as oh this
person shouldn't be on the list I don't
think this person is a go I could make a
whole video where we could debate who's
the gold who should be the go who should
not what this video is about physiques
all right so shut up all right so Connor
uh I'm not talking about current Connor
I'm not talking about jacked up on the
fruit of Mike Connor I'm talking about
like OG Connor I'm going to put that
believe it or not guys it's a realistic
goal people think that uh OG Conor you
know had you know again I'm not saying
that these guys are Natty that's not
what these videos for this is not a
Natty or not I could make a Nat in that
version this is based on whether the
goal is realistic or not and I think OG
uh Connor is a realistic uh physique
goal um muscle mass is I would say mid I
like ranking muscle from low mid to high
high would be something like Ronnie
Coleman of course right or or U that
would be high uh so on that scale he's
mid right not mid relative to the
average person but obviously mid based
on uh the spectrum of physiques so uh
definitely attainable body fat
percentage also attainable so I'm going
to put that realistic right if something
is mid muscle mass again relative to
like the
extreme and um low to mid
body fat percentage then it's realistic
all right next we have Chuck I'm gonna
put that uh I'm put that realistic right
now you're going to look like that when
you're his age I don't know about that
right that's probably going to go in
here but for the average person watching
this video uh believe it or not that's a
realistic goal you could definitely hit
that naturally the effort from my is not
too
high um again I'm trying to pick those
at random let's see Tom aspino Tom
aspino by the way again he's not a goat
but he's like I said earlier in the
video he's a future goat in my opinion
we'll have to see how the rest of his
career goes um so I'm going to put that
at I'm going to put that at easy guys
come on right you know again I'm not
talking about the height or the
proportion I'm just talking about the
physique muscle mass is again mid
relative to uh you know the extremes I'm
not talking about mid once again I'm
somebody's going to comment oh what do
you mean mid you know he looks better
than x% of the population mid compared
to other athletes
and obviously B5 percentage is high so
that's the easy uh physique go uh
Francis and
ganu uh e [ __ ] out of here you guys I
was going to put that easy can you look
like this naturally guys I don't know
I'm going to put I don't know bro right
because it's definitely doable but
you're G to have some great genetic
you're GNA have to have some great
genetics yes you can absolutely look
like Francis naturally if and only if
you have Elite genetics I'm not even
going to try to sugarco it if you have
average genetics can you look like
Francis 0.01% chance but it will take
you at least 10 years you know of
perfect nutrition perfect training
perfect damn near everything right sh
you might even have to end up eating
stuff that's contaminated with DHEA and
some other [ __ ] right uh to be honest
guys I don't think people understand how
much muscle mass this [ __ ]
carries at their body fat percentage so
I'm going to put that I don't know bro
right don't set Francis and G as your
physique goal unless you have Francis
and God genetics um now if you on the
sauce absolutely this is uh achievable
after several years of training next we
have uh let's see Ilia I'm going to put
Ilia at realistic right realistic
physique go believe it or not um again
mid muscle mass low body fat percentage
you can definitely do it
next we have Stipe come on man Stipe
physique easy you could definitely you
know look like Stipe if that's your
physial uh let's see next one Alex perer
guys guys come on come on guys it's
realistic people are making it seem like
Alex is super jacked and no guys you
could definitely look like Alex right
again muscle mass is mid on the scale
right and obviously it's body fat
percentage is low to mid right you could
definitely look like um I think his e
for my is I had a post where I I mention
his e my and all I think it's around 22
or 20 actually no no I think it's I have
to pull it up later I don't want to pull
a number out of my ass but you could
definitely look like um Alex natury o
Aldo again uh ah this one is tough this
one is tough yeah I would say yeah I
would say yeah you know most most men
can look like o though right again mid
muscle mass low body fat percentage
though so it's going to be hard right
it's going to be be hard if you increase
muscle mass and you decrease the body
fat percentage it's definitely going to
be hard but it's a realistic goal Islam
again not a goat but in my opinion he's
a future goat easy um again realistic
goal right so so far so good this video
I mean I'm not I hope I'm not bursting
your bubbles so far right if your hopes
were to look like any of those guys so
far you are you're doing pretty good uh
let's see let's see let's use max
Holloway
uh definitely a controversial goat um I
think it should be I won't say he's the
top 10 goat but he's definitely top 15
in my opinion um if you look at all
weight classes combined so again um easy
easy you can look like Max Holloway easy
right muscle mass is between low to mid
and body fat percentage is around mid so
that's definitely uh
achievable next we have
khabib guys it's realistic stop it stop
it I see you guys debating when I do the
polls on the community on the YouTube
Community polls you could definitely
look like a b you know this generation I
don't know what you guys are on but you
guys think any amount of definition of
muscle is impossible naturally you are
out of your mind it's because you're
lazy you don't train hard your homers
are out of whack um and you don't use
the HSP training um anyway next uh so
it's definitely achievable
naturally let's see let's see let's go
with vul uhoh come on guys easy you
could look like vul easy um now I his PR
he was a lot more Jack than this but
based on this current picture yeah you
could guys come on it's a easy forys Z
gold uh Anderson Silva LOL come on guys
stop playing stop playing who has Andis
come on guys and by the way a goat he's
not a controversial goat he's not a
future goat he's a current goat in my
opinion um cuz this is highly subjective
uh but who sets inocent Sila as the
physique go come on guys and this is
what all love to Anderson Sila you know
because he's definitely top six in my
book top six go easy but come on nobody
has a post of Anderson Silva as physique
goal you could have a post of him as
performance goal right if you want to go
into MMA whatever great but nobody
wastes up and goes man I can't wait till
I look like Anderson Sila what you L
have to do you have to break all the
Commandments to look like innocent
silver uh but uh yeah so LOL come on
guys BJ pan come on guys come on easy
easy a lot of you guys probably look
like this already um next we have Kane
Kane Velasquez again believe it or not
that's a easy goal man you know yes he
has around mid muscle mass but he also
has high body fat percentage so if you
go on a on a ill- advised bulk you could
look like this no problem um now at his
Peak that's a different story right at
his Peak different story and by the way
if you guys think that those guys are
Nat just just jump out the window right
99.99999% chance most of the guys are
here we on some form of PDs it doesn't
have to be a full-blown cycle it could
be something as little as trt it could
be freaking low do anaval
wistw uh you know guys I don't think
professional athletes are natural and in
my in my opinion I've made that clear in
the past I don't think this should be
natural yes I've said this so many times
people get shock when they hear that
they go me I thought you were against
steroids no I'm not against steroids I
said it's all the time I'm against the
wrong people using them or abusing them
I'm also against frauds people who use
them to compete against Naturals but in
my opinion like I always say if you're
an elite athlete you should be in Hance
you're part of the big three right the
big three that I always talk about the
three groups of people that should be
enhanced in my opinion right don't
cancel me YouTube whatever with medical
supervision
is Elite
athletes people in life and death
scenarios life and death jobs so that's
firefighter uh uh obviously police
military Navy Shield yeah those guys
should be on every PD out there as long
as it's safe everyone thinks PDS is just
for muscle mass no it's not it's for
cognitive function it's for Stress
Management it's for performance speed
reaction time it's not just muscle mass
everyone thinks oh muscle muscle
steroids no these guys should Beed in my
opinion and the third group is obviously
people who cannot produce testosterone
naturally due to genetic or accidents
you know that happen right if your balls
got chopped off you better be on
something right hop on so in my opinion
those are the three groups of people
that should be in Hance I say this all
the time but somehow people still think
I'm against roids no I'm not um but
anyway so yeah so I don't think these
guys are Natty there's probably one or
two on this list that's natural I know
uh uh Mighty Mouse DJ claimed that he's
Natty he could be right uh but my
opinion they're hold on something and I
don't care I feel like they should be on
it because if you're not enhanced in the
UFC you are at such a massive
disadvantage that it's not even it's not
fair it's not fair to you imagine
training 20 plus years of your life and
you go against a person who started MMA
maybe three years ago and that person
can out Trin you with [ __ ] sleep and
[ __ ] diet simply because they're
injecting you know freaking masteron and
you know a bunch of stuff that you know
so yeah in my opinion they should be
enhanced but back to the video
um next we have the emperor himself LOL
come on guys come on come on no one has
them as the physic go right and again
this is all respect again he's a goat in
my opinion he's a top 10 goat um but
come on physique go stop it stop it all
right next we have Charles Olivera
Charles Olivera I'm going to put him at
let's see where are we going to put the
submission goat um this one is easy guys
easy easy physic goal his muscle mass is
not that crazy his body fat is low but
again his muscle mass is not that crazy
his effort from high is not through the
roof uh come on guys as much as I love
him and yes DC is a goat not
controversial goat not future goat he's
a current goat top 10 in my opinion come
on LOL LOL come on Easy phys Go I mean
again why would you have this as phys go
but hey a lot of guys like to Snorlax
Max so there you there it is next we
have let me pick it at random because
it's getting too predictable now
uh let's see let's see let's pick uh
Gracie Gracie is going to go at um easy
easy for Z go right um let's see the BJJ
goat next we have who should I pick next
let's pick Robert let's pick Robert uh
Whitaker we going to put him at well it
depends because he was a lot he was a
lot more jacked back in the days um so
we're going to pick the current physique
right that's on this picture I'm going
to put that a realistic realistic right
muscle mass is not crazy and body5
percentage is not crazy low right so
definitely realistic for ziko um next we
have Izzy Israel
adna um let's see let's see and by the
way what where do you guys think I put
him I don't think it's a top 10 go I
think he's he's one of the controversial
goats I told you about right definitely
controversial he's in a discussion but
not in the top 10 um again I love Izzy
uh so let's see I'm going to put EAS at
realistic it's a realistic goal right
he's B percentage very low so that's why
it's going to be hard but his muscle
mass is you know I would say mid right
it's not crazy high it's around low to
mid um next we have Dominic Cruz again
realistic goal I'm not going to say it's
easy but
realistic uh next we have in my
opinion The Goat in my opinion right I
would say Tai where you know who uh I'm
going to mention him soon but to me top
three goats but let me stay focused
video is not about ranking goats by
ranking physiques I'm going to put if
you talking about prime George senier
Prime
GSP I don't know guys I don't know I'm
sorry it's not a realistic goal if
you're talking about prime GSP thick ass
neck broad shoulders crazy
lats high muscle mass low body fat
percentage guys I'm I got to put this I
don't know bro right and I already
explained what this category stands for
it doesn't mean it's impossible it just
means you got to train super hard diet
has to be on point for years hormones
have to be maxed by the way get my
testas on eBook if you want to Max your
te naturally homo's going to have to be
maxed out um and then you're going to
have to train consistently for
years uh so I don't know
bro next we have uh let's do should we
do Matt or Chuck all right let's do Matt
again I don't know guys I don't know I
don't think you're going to look like I
don't think it's a realistic goal you
know Matt Hughes people forget how
jacked Matt was back in the days guys um
so I'm going to put this I don't know
bro right low body fat percentage very
high muscle mass very high ffmi you're
going to have to have really good
genetics um and again train very hard
eat damn near perfectly consistently um
to reach that uh and if I haven't
already guys come on come on support the
channel click like subscribe join the
school Community guys join the school
Community join the private training
group buy my ebooks all that good stuff
oh just get the free ebook you don't
support the channel [ __ ] you that's fine
you can still get the free ebook right I
give out advice to everybody all right
next we have uh John Jones remember I
told you guys earlier GSP in my eyes is
tied for number one number
two obviously Jon Jones and I'm going to
put Jon Jones at realistic stop it guys
it's realistic you could look like Jon
Jones naturally right now you're not g
to have his proportions his long ass
arang and arms but you could definitely
look like JN Jones naturally um and as
far as where I put it in the goat list
come on guys you guys know he's either
number one or number two no higher than
number two yeah I know it's com true our
sure people going to bring up his wife
and all that that's not an MMA stat
right beating your wife is not an MMA
stat right when the judges are scoring
the rounds they're not looking at number
of times he backhanded the [ __ ] out of
his wife no right so let's be objective
you guys are so emotional you like
bringing emotions into everything right
all the stuff he did off the all the
fail drug test which I already told you
guys I really don't care about cuz
everybody's on it um all the stuff he
did off the outside of the cage to me
that doesn't count right the goat is
measured by his stats in the ring so
anyway so that's a whole different video
I'm going to put that
realistic uh let's see oh and by the way
if you guys wonder who who's my top
three of all time for me somewhere
between GSP Jon Jones and I would say uh
Demitrius John could be right but again
my mind changes depending on what stats
I'm I'm you know hyper fusing on right
um if I'm looking at a level of
competition then it changes if I'm
looking at uh win to loss record
obviously going to go to kabib right if
I'm looking at uh you know um just
longevity you know obviously Jon Jones
um so it really depends on which
criteria I decide to to focus on but
yeah those in my opinion are top three
top four
Undisputed but you know I think I should
make that video my of who I think the
goat is but
anyway next we have dematrius Johnson
guys people underestimate how jacked he
is people underestimate how jacked he
was but believe it or not I'm going to
put that realistic yes you could look
like DJ naturally now his muscle bellies
you might not have the same muscle
bellies right that just pop out as
genetics right that depends on your
insertions and urgin and all that stuff
but this is definitely realistic forys Z
gold next we have Henry come on guys
Henry is I want to put it at easy yeah
yeah I actually Henry was jacked at some
point but if we going based off this
picture I'm going to say easy it's
between easy and realistics I'm going to
put it at easy it's a easy for Z go guys
when he was super jacked though I'm
going to put that higher obviously but
you know based on his current picture
definitely easy for Z gold all right
next we're going to look at Randy Randy
goes in I don't know guys I don't know
bro stop it stop it it's not happening
um and again I I also believe that he
was on you know what but still it's
doable again remember I don't know bro
doesn't mean it's impossible it's doable
but again it's going to it's going to be
hard um to look like that naturally he
was jacked especially in his prime the
last
two this one let's do kamaru first right
let's do Usman the Nigerian Nightmare
guys I don't know I don't
know people underestimate how jacked
who's my n right you guys see him
wearing clothes so you think oh yeah n
he is extremely jacked you know FMI is
pretty high uh not out of this world
high but it's pretty up there um and
it's not just how much muscle he carries
is the leanest on top of that muscle so
you can have as much muscle as kamaru
easy you can have as much muscle as
older guys here easy but as far as
having the body fat percentage the super
low body fat percentage and that muscle
mass remember guys when you cut you lose
muscle unless you have Elite genetics or
you on roids including trt for you guys
out there who think to2 is neutral don't
even get me started um so you could
build as much muscle as kamaru but
you're going to have to add some fat on
top of that the moment you you try to go
too lean you're going to lose some of
that muscle so that's why I'm putting it
it I don't know bro um but it's
definitely doable trust me it's
definitely doable uh I have a lot of
friends who have physiques up here just
have Elite genetics last but not least
and obviously oh by the way as far as
where I place him in the go conversation
I got to make a whole separate video on
this guys in fact I think I'm going to
do it
um but for me he's not top 10 I'm sorry
not top 10 so it's definitely
controversial
go last but definitely not
least oh my God stop the cap guys stop
it stop it you are not looking like you
are naturally just delete that from your
vision board delete that from your goal
from your I don't care if it's your 5-
year goal or your 10 year goal you're
not looking like you are naturally
jacked out of his L Mike Tyson neck
freaking super shredded again I'm
talking about Peak you right Peak you
you're not looking like him all right
maybe in a different Universe a
different Multiverse whatever uh so if
that's your goal you can put it on your
vision board to motivate yourself maybe
one day maybe one day we're going to
find a triamide or some crazy natural
substance but guys you're not looking
like this all right guys I'm out of here
