hey guys going on Megan here all right
so let's look at this quiz I'm gonna
give you guys the correct answer after I
read the quiz of course and we're gonna
read the comments and see what everybody
else is saying all right uh according to
a recent huge study
the vast majority of testosterone
booster supplements work
is that true or false right so I'll give
you guys uh for those of you guys who
didn't vote you could vote in uh in the
comment section so is it true is it
false keep in mind let me read this
again according to a recent huge study
so this is actually a study the vast
majority of testosterone booster
supplements work the correct answer is
false
right
and uh I'm actually happy today because
91 percent of you [ __ ] got the
answer right
and that is true I've been saying this
over and over and over again the vast
majority of supplements are trashed
right and I would explain why the trash
it's not just that they don't work
obviously that's one of the main reasons
but
um anyway see I'm already going off
attention but yeah the answer is false
right the vast majority of testosterone
booster supplements don't work and I
could make a separate video explaining
to you guys
um the ones that do work the few ones
that work there they're also scamming
you because all they're doing is they're
replacing the [ __ ] they should be
getting from your diet anyway right so
they're putting zinc magnesium vitamin D
you know uh selenium all this [ __ ] they
should be getting from your diet they're
just overpricing it
um so now why is it that didn't work
number one like I said uh even if they
have the actually the main reason is
because they don't even put what they
claim is supposed to be in there I've
been saying that for years and sure
enough they get caught all the time uh
so that's one the second reason is when
they do put what they claim is inside
the label they don't put the right
enough dose so even if they do put you
know so-called nutrient
um they put a very very small dose this
way you can't sue them and say hey uh
this thing doesn't have ABC and they'll
say Well it technically does have ABC
but when you look under the microscope
it's a [ __ ] dose and Studies have
exposed them so many times you know
um
the third reason why most testosterone
booster supplements don't work is once
again
um they also put a lot of toxic heavy
metals in there right a lot of a lot of
toxic chemicals so sometimes even if
they do have the right testosterone
boost ingredient that you want you
actually lose the benefits of that from
the you know uh toxic Metals this has
been shown over and over again
um the fourth reason why most
testosterone booster supplements and
that's not just assassin boosting
supplements also applies to a lot of
scammy supplements in the fitness
industry the fourth reason why it didn't
work is because a lot of them put too
much
of a good thing right remember guys the
inverted you curve I always talk about
just some of them put too much zinc
which now leads you to becoming which
not makes you deficient in Copper which
also lowers testosterone right because
zinc is great for you but if you don't
eat enough copper now you know zinc
blocks the absorption of copper so now
the person becomes copper deficient
which leads to a whole bunch of other
issues since hypers are very powerful
antioxidant
all right so that's the the fourth
reason right sometimes they put too much
of something that actually works and
that ends up you know that ends up
creating deficiencies and we see this
all the time
um and the fifth reason why they don't
work that one is very simple is uh
overdosing right very similar to number
four people just overdose you know
remember once again in front of your car
if you take too much of a good thing and
it becomes bad for you so people
sometimes overdose on uh they'll take a
testosterone boosting supplement that
has maybe you know I already mentioned a
zinc example but you know it could have
too much retinol you know vitamin A uh
could have too much lungs are short like
there's no reason why you should be on a
testosterone booster supplement if RP if
your diet is healthy your recovery
management is healthy if you sleep well
eat well get sunlight you know are
always hydrated you don't need them now
there's there are some exceptions I
could make a separate video about the
only time I would recommend
somebody take it to saw someone
supplement and that's if and only if
the person already maxed out the
testosterone that was meaning you're
already close to the at least 890 Grand
per deciliter ideally over a thousand
and then you want to experiment then by
all means I'm not gonna stop you go for
it
um but if your T levels are not maxed
out and you're trying to play around
with supplements you're just shooting
yourself in the foot not to mention
that's reason number six that
if you needed to stop some boosting
supplement right if you need something
that that restores you to assessment
should start you're doing something
wrong right so you're just putting a
Band-Aid on an infecting wound
right you literally putting a Band-Aid
on the wound that's just gushing out pus
and stuff right if you need it if you go
oh I took this to someone boosted me
again and then my testosterone went up
right assuming it's not Placebo well
chances are it just gave you the zinc
you have a deficient in or the vitamin D
you were deficient in right so it's
telling you that something's wrong or
maybe you have too much inflammation you
know so just taking a supplement to
artificially boost your testosterone
levels is not treating the root cause of
the issue but anyway let's look at the
comments
and uh see what you guys have to say but
like I said I'm very very happy that 91
of people got got this right oh and keep
in mind like I said some of them do work
I just don't like to mention the ones
that do work because I know everybody's
going to run and start buying them right
so I'm going to make a separate video
about the few ones that actually work
and I'm gonna show you exactly why they
work and why you still don't [ __ ]
hate them right because like I said
earlier the ones that do work just work
uh just like Whole Foods and having a
you know good lifestyle and uh reducing
inflammation blah blah works but anyway
so let's go uh all right first comment
when you realize testosterone booster
just give you what you should be getting
from your diet so I'm correct yes I wish
I could kiss this son of a [ __ ] yep
testosterone booster just give you what
you should be getting from your diet
anyway
um yep you're just paying for over man
who is this guy I love this guy you're
just paying for overpricing I said this
all the time you're just paying for
overpriced vitamin D overpriced Bull Run
overpriced you know zinc uh you know
just things that you should be getting
from your Whole Foods diet
um let's go uh of course they all work
my favorite natural
of course they all work my favorite
natural vegan 250 pound Elite genetics
with this YouTuber told me if I bought
his test booster I could buy muscles
like him
um yeah man Again Fitness industry right
there's no money in telling you guys to
do the basics there's no you know you
can't get views from telling you guys
sleep more eat more drink more water all
these boring videos I make about a game
of sunlight those things don't sell
that's what your top fitness influencers
don't want to talk about it because
there's no money but there's a lot of
money saying you know buy this
supplement that that does this and then
taking a random study out of context you
know to push all that scammy [ __ ]
products oh [ __ ] disgust me but
anyway
um I would say you guys nobody gives a
[ __ ] about you guys Fitness is gonna
care about you politicians don't care
about you bake formula that you know
doesn't care about you even I don't give
a [ __ ] about you [ __ ] right I
always tell you guys don't trust anybody
don't even trust me the only reason why
my mission is to help young man is
because I know what it's like to be in
pain I know what it's like to be you
know depressed or whatever so it's the
empathy from being in your shoes that
makes me want to help you I'm not trying
to help you because I like you or
whatever if I didn't go through the [ __ ]
I went through in my past I would not
give a [ __ ] about you guys that's what I
don't like when people say oh Mega you
know you're such a good guy I mean no no
to be honest I'm not a good guy at least
I'm doing this is because I have empathy
for you [ __ ] because I was in your
shoes that's different if I was not in
your shoes if I had to have such a
horrible childhood I would not give a
[ __ ] about any of you guys so do not
trust people don't trust me don't trust
uh uh influencers don't trust
politicians trust no one
you know I want you guys to have that
mindset if somebody tells me that's why
every time I make a video I mention the
studies I mention the anecdotes I put
the sources in the description and I
tell you guys go look it up yourself you
know because I don't want you to have
this uh this belief that you have to
blindly follow people you know some of
the some of the biggest quote-unquote
experts spread the biggest lies and
[ __ ] you know and I've seen it year
after year so
moral more of the story don't trust
anybody not even me whenever I say
something investigate it look it up if I
don't if I don't have to study in the
description remind me I'm gonna Post in
I always post them in the description on
uh on the website
uh yeah just learn to be
[ __ ]
pessimistic as [ __ ] expect the worst
from everybody you would not be
disappointed
all right let's see um
I built 35 pounds of Silent myself from
taking test boosters and training out of
our test boots to definitely work uh
I've been optimizing my routine to these
questions uh I want to thank you Megan
for this uh we're missing out on games
yeah yeah you're welcome you're welcome
like I said it's my life mission man
just trying to help young men out there
because trust me man not suffering you
know man I've been suffering since the
beginning of time
and um you know it just takes a few of
us to recognize that and just just help
you know
anyway like I said you guys are just
lucky that this is my passion else I
would not be doing this [ __ ] you know
um let's see the day I wake up and then
I no longer have a passion for helping
people I no longer have empathy for you
[ __ ] I will stop up and it's that
simple you know so once again nobody's
good next try uh zinc
trabastan dude you just made up a whole
[ __ ] country I think you mean
Tribulus yeah it's not my Tribulus the
rest is
my Bros you literally have the energy
levels this was okay
um
let's see food sleep water and exercise
all you need correct eat well sleep well
stay hydrated and obviously get sunlight
reduce stress you know stuff like that
so unique so unique
um that's why most studies show that
people that are already healthy you want
to take to stop some boosting
supplements they rarely get an increase
uh there's one exception though but I
said I make a separate video about you
know because I gotta be up I gotta be
objective right even though I hate
supplement companies most of them you
know there are some good ones
um
I I gotta be objective some tea boosters
do work but it's literally like probably
two to be honest
um and like I said there's a caveat to
the ones that do work right it's not
like they work on their own they pretty
much replacing
um anyway I said I I don't want to
mention the name because everybody's
going to start buying it that's why [ __ ]
I hate mentioning things that that work
and have a supplement attachment it's
like this one you guys remember this
around
when I made so many videos about this
around telling you guys to get it from
food from food from food Spanish you
know and somehow
people still went and started buying up
their own supplement like crazy
so now I try to be very careful before I
even mention something that does work
because I know you [ __ ] are gonna
ignore my advice which says to avoid a
supplement and you're gonna go and try
to buy you know buy from the bottle
anyway
I don't know why you guys are so lazy
just just eat man eat Whole Foods
all right boosters are like modern
Pharmaceuticals they worry but you need
them daily uh yep and also
um even if a t-booster does work come on
guys you got to stick to solutions that
are sustainable what are you gonna
you're gonna buy the stuff for the rest
of your life all right I could show you
50 different supplements that have some
research behind them but you're gonna
supplement 50 different supplements come
on
stick to Sustainable Solutions next a
lot of them technically work but they're
working ways that address is detriment
as they are helpful correct uh you
should make a video on the benefits of
sun is a nice bash or I believe in
fidoji and in fact I have videos coming
up on those two
um
steak for zinc spinach magnesium X
cholesterol raisin for Bull Run yeah you
could tell this guy watching my videos I
love this guy good [ __ ] kiwis and
blueberries about a machine vitamin D
[ __ ] multivitamins correct thank you
thank you
um
and let's see I'm I mean if they have
honest entry for tea they have to work
somehow but yeah then that means the
nutrients are working not the tea
booster you know
um if I put zinc in the supplement and I
call it the team 3D Alpha T booster
supplement and then it works it's not my
supplement that you know that's the
t-boosters the zinc that I put in it you
know and I probably added a bunch of
[ __ ] fillers to it to make you think
that it's some new special formula
so if you want to use that logic yeah
technically they do work if they put
vitamins and minerals but it's the
vitamins the minerals that are working
next
um only for people ready to fish in key
micronutrients correct okay so they work
but with like 20 assets you might get an
increase in testosterone a few percent
but it's not going to be enough uh
um in a placebo Got Away only one that
works and also
um
on another indirect way which boosters
can work is if you know guys y'all
remember that no one just takes a
supplement and just sits on the ass most
people that start a supplement also
start cleaning up their diet they start
going to the gym more because of the
placebo effect they're like all right
this thing is it's gonna kick in by
tomorrow let me try to maximize this
game from the 50 bottle right so they go
to the gym they go out more they'll walk
more and they go oh look my tea levels
went up [ __ ] they went up because you
started going to the gym sleeping more
eating more walking more it's not the
supplement it's the same reason why the
whole no-fab semen retention [ __ ]
ass myth has spread so fast because
people will start nofap of human
retention and then they'll
simultaneously start doing other things
that are good for your testosterone and
then they will do the correlation you
know fall asleep oh look see I started
doing see my retention and then martilla
was one of them like [ __ ] look at all
the other things you started doing at
the same time though you know try doing
no Fabs human retention and then sit on
your ass all day Washington levels
plummet
I have a lot of videos coming up
destroying this whole semen retention no
Fab stuff guys it is such [ __ ] not
just not only the studies back it up
that is [ __ ] but even the anecdotes
you know so many anecdotes it's just
people have confirmation bias you know
confirmation bias and survivorship bias
that's what allows those myths to
continue let me see how much time is
left already 14 minutes Jesus
all right depends on what you mean by
work we talk in a real scientific
what about zinc uh zinc is not really it
just has some boosting supplement it's a
[ __ ] mineral you know I'm talking
about the supplements like anyway
um placebo effect may be like uh
definitely work
um I take in other people's money yep
yep
uh depends on what some kind of 100 work
but you gotta use it for a few months
I'm gonna make a video turkey don't
worry guys uh testosterone booster suck
it only helped me gain
[Laughter]
oh hell nah the only test booster that
matters is eating spicy curry this guy
um
come on man what kind of questions is
that my favorite 250 pound daddy
transgender she definitely
I wish I could make videos on this
training this stuff that's been going on
the last few years man I wish it's just
I'm like man but how blunt I am I will
get canceled because you guys know I
have no filter I will get cancer even if
I put 30 disclaimers at the beginning of
the video saying that I'm not against
trans people and I I love everybody
whatever the moment I go into honest
Megan mode and I just start telling you
guys exactly what I think about this
whole
transgender stuff I'm gonna get canceled
they're gonna be like oh my God this guy
is promoting hate and uh so I'm like you
know what let me just take it easy for
now wait until I probably download and
back up all my videos so maybe rumble or
some [ __ ] then I'm gonna go out and tell
you guys what I think but uh it's the
same reason why I haven't made the IQ
video I've been dying to make an IQ
video since like 2020 when I was doing
the Race genetic stuff and I had to stop
because I got shot I got Shadow band I'm
like I was like if I'm getting Shadow
banned because I'm talking about
objective basic scientific truths about
the differences between people
can you imagine
can you imagine when I saw something
about IQ differences
black people are gonna call me Uncle Tom
uh [ __ ] virtue signaling whites are
gonna try to cancel me uh Liberals are
gonna [ __ ] you know give me a stone
Cold Stone I mean they're gonna just
destroy my channel because it's so easy
to just take a clip of what I say out of
context you know
but uh yeah yeah I mean I would love to
talk about so many topics you know but
it is what it is anyway uh quite the
opposite testosterone boosters might be
the biggest game yeah yeah
um like I said the ones that do work
just
you know um use vitamins and minerals
that are proven to work and then give
them to you you know it's just that
overpriced [ __ ] so I'm not saying all of
them don't work obviously some of them
do work but they use manipulative
tactics to make you think that it's the
supplement that's doing it or the
formula that's the only one is really
just copying and pasting [ __ ] from
healthy foods
all right uh can you talk about more
nerdy [ __ ] guys you already know that I
would love to make videos and other
technicals the science the the
Nitty Gritty but again nobody wants to
watch that [ __ ] whenever I I could spend
an hour talking about the the
biochemistry and the genetics and going
to the the technical terms of everything
you could think of my butt No One's
Gonna [ __ ] watch
only like a handful of people so it's
like it's not a good return of my time
all right only slightly legit one so I
leave him it's actually uh actually
we're gonna if I have a video coming up
in Nashville down there but anyway I
think that's all the top comments in
fact that's all the [ __ ] comments I
think uh all right guys keep voting on
these polls keep putting comments and
like I said I'm always gonna respond to
the top ones and um
let's see am I forgetting something I'm
forgetting something
but anyway hope this video helps to join
the Discord join the Reddit you know we
have a lot of these fun conversations
and uh
dominate
all right guys don't forget to like or
share the video subscribe and hit the
bell and buy my HSB nucleus of a little
training program it's the ultimate
program for maximum muscle growth it
includes full body workout splits bro
splits Push Pull home workouts you name
it also comes with a complete guide for
macros nutrition fat loss muscle growth
hormones including a meal plan it's
pretty much all my 16 years of
experience condensed into one [ __ ]
book you're also gonna get free copies
of any future Edition so visit
team3dalpha.com and you can use the 40
off coupon code nucleus of the Lord or
you could just buy the share full price
all right guys I'm out of here
