hey what's going on guys Megan here
showing you what I'm doing my leg well
actually not leg day but like the leg
portion of my full body
workout um like I said I train legs
first uh not just because it's faster
but because it's U one of my lagging
body parts so that's how I design my
full body routines lagging body parts
first and also fast T muscle types first
I start off with um warm up sets and
then I hit up my you know front squats
no need to go any lower than that for me
uh we doing a 10 to 12 rep range for the
next four weeks we done with the 5 to8
rep R now we're doing a 10 to 12 so we
really don't care about weight during
the next four weeks all we focus on is
um Contracting the muscle using the
weight as a tool focusing on the
contraction instead of just trying to
move the weight and we make a lot of
games you know during that cycle n 10 to
12 rep cycle cuz we really don't care
about W like I said and you want to
build muscle want to build size
sometimes you got to load the weight and
focus on you know that M muscle
connection then uh after I'm done with
the front squats I move on to this um
standing leg Coss with my hamstrings
once again I started really light until
I could you know pick a way that allows
me to fill the contraction faill at
around 10 to 12 without you know using
any jerking movements or whatever so on
Monday we train Monday Wednesday Friday
and the exercises change depending on
the day like Monday will be back squats
instead of front squats Wednesday will
be front squads and Friday which is
today will be hack squads so we we
switch back and forth same thing with
hamstrings all right that's it hopefully
I bring more footage for you guys when I
have the chance my camera died my
battery died that day all right guys
