Megan here so I finally dug up this
[ __ ] study right when I was looking
for the cap study for you guys
popular theme in everyone wanted to find
to have the link to the cap study about
why stretching is important for us to
grow up and you're gonna have to go to
my old laptops that are like disengaged
and cuz I have my study spread out in
like several laptops especially the ones
that [ __ ] doubt on me so you know I
went back to the most safe mode and when
I found a cap study I also found a bunch
of other studies that I saved that's
when you guys I have a library of
studies in this one his [ __ ] brain
man and some of them I just completely
forgot the lame because they were my old
laptops but even then that allowed me to
dig up a lot of the older the old ones
and this one is on again I was getting
another question because I made a few
years ago about how training legs are
doing heavy compound movements to
release you know testosterone and all
these hormones will transition into the
other muscles if you're also training
them you know meaning doing squats and
then doing arms and shoulders will lead
to more growth and I made a feel about
that years ago and you know eventually
obviously over time new subscribers come
in and go back to the old videos and I
went to ask me oh you know I saw that
video but the link to the study wasn't
made so I try to go online
couldn't find a study and eventually
like I said I dug it up when I you know
buy something when I found it for the
capstone cuz this is old I mean this was
like in 2011 when I study with Aliza but
pretty much uh it again it backs up the
whole concept of focus on heavy compound
movements first then do your [ __ ]
isolation and other patient movements
are also necessary and you get you know
a better response and I know a lot of I
can't tell you how many comments I got
in that video when I first made oh my
god that's not true that's broad science
you know the the acute rise in hormones
you know that's not effect I purchased
me and I can tell you guys it does it
does you just gotta find the right study
design and you just understand the way
the body works right to buy tea rarely
it does but
early those things are just randomly you
know it's just that science is an
evolving field so we always finding new
molecules new food chemicals you know
new proteins and things like that and
that allows us to reevaluate
you know old studies you know and it
also depends on the way this study was
designed you know for example when I
found you know I don't just find a study
and then make a video on it you know
it's not working one only gets the
overwhelming body of evidence you still
only get the anecdotes I found that
whenever I lik to heavy first I was only
stronger in my other lives but I also
got better games you know in the long
run now I was there was also study that
showed that the rise in hormones didn't
affect hypersurface because and death
study if you look at it closely it was
the other way around you know dead foams
first and then that did legs so of
course the result was different because
you know when it did legs do almost
release yeah but you know that was it
where's the study that showed the
significant increases in a massage when
you train legs the dead legs first then
when I had it at all so when you do legs
first you have all these hormones
releasing your blood you got there and
do arms I mean it's common sense those
hormones are being shuttled you know
into the subsequent muscles you know so
when I do my full body workouts I always
focus with the heaviest biggest lips
first as much as I can before I move on
you know when I was doing right because
of the rifles first when I was uh doing
the squats I'll go to squats first and
then on and on and on so you got to be
very careful and I only will study
freaking I remember don't just allow
studies alone look at applications does
it work for other people does it work
for you there's welcome people that you
train and again it works it works on
people that are trained it worked on
myself and if you don't believe it again
give it a try you know just my fact this
is something you could actually test
this week if you don't feel by your
workout try to switch the order up right
do do like heavy squats first or heavy
rock pools or whatever then go out and
do your own movement so you showed
exercises and she has significantly
stronger you are guarantee you you know
and that now again you know that that's
that might not have anything to do
you know you know Samsung does you know
converted HD and exact there but you
know just to show you that the distress
increase alone is enough even if the
hormones didn't change the stress
increases enough to let you know that
you're gonna be able to make better
games because if you have sorry you
could do more hard sets and you could
recruit more survivors quicker you know
you know as opposed to uh you know if
you weaker so check out the study look
at the food side don't just read the
abstract you know going to this
discussion go into the study design you
know and you see so yeah my
recommendation is still hold you know I
really believe that and then not only
the rise in hormones will you know leads
to bigger gains but you also getting
more interesting receptors you know it's
another thing people forget is that
there's a big correlation again not
doesn't necessarily mean causation but
it's a big correlation between the spike
the acute spike is getting hormones
doing heavy compound movements and the
increase in engineering receptors that
happened almost at the same time so you
also get more receptors you know on you
know in your body and as far as people
thinking well oh not that I mention is
the only difference between the group
that did arms only and a group that did
legs and then arms the only difference
was the change in hormones that was the
only difference that was the main
difference you know and they try to
standardize everything so they could
literally see well what led today you
know what was the the biggest
correlation the group who did um you
know that only did arms and no legs had
no significant changes in hormone levels
the most significant changes at all but
the group that did obviously legs first
had a huge boost in energy which is
obviously expected based on all the
studies on the on the topic so you know
again call this method mean causation
but like I would say a good place to
[ __ ] start looking right so hope that
answers your question
this is gonna be the study of the week
and let me know what you guys want me to
go over for next week's study week
alright so hope that helps comment below
like the video [ __ ] greedy and
dominate
you
