here are 20 controversial things that
turn boys into men in a society where
masculinity is under attack and boys are
constantly feminized these are things
that our fathers should have taught us
and these are things that you can
obviously teach to your future son all
right let's get straight to it pain and
Trauma that's mandatory it is impossible
to transition from a boy into a man
without going through significant pain
and significant trauma I know that's
controversial I know a lot of people are
going to bash at this but guys if you
study the right subp passages in every
civilization every culture that has ever
existed it always involved some kind of
pain some kind of trauma because the
Ancients knew that in order to make a
boy into a man which means to give him a
lot of mental toughness to help him
develop fearlessness confidence stoicism
he had to undergo a period of pain a
period of humiliation a period of trauma
now obviously you don't want to be too
extreme I know some people are going to
try to take this out of context and
strawman me but guys don't shoot the
messenger it is so important for boys to
experience some kind of positive trauma
not negative trauma I'm not saying go
out there and abuse kids and all that
 of course not but some kind of
hardship every masculine men I've ever
met with zero exception has gone through
incredible pain and incredible trauma
early on in their life zero exception
and that's because it is nearly
impossible to develop mental toughness
what are going through and overcoming
some kind of hardship now as a father
once again I'm not telling you guys to
go out there and try Iz your kids that's
not what I'm saying make them go through
some form of positive hardship right as
a father you in control of that right
you want to make sure that it's not
something that's going to destroy your
boy but at the same time you want to
make sure that it's hard enough to make
him level up I don't care if it's
joining a team I don't care if it's
overcoming a fear that he has I don't
care if that's exposed him to rejection
I don't care what it is you're going to
have to be the judge of that as a father
but you have to expose boys to pain and
some form of what I call positive drama
to make them transform into men the
reason why Society is so soft today is
because we've removed that from the
process of turning boys into men so now
we have 20 25 30y old boys walking
around acting like entitled little next
having a very comfortable childhood
that's a maker that's not going to turn
your boy into a man that's going to turn
him into a almost every pathetic soft
easy quick to give up spineless guy I've
ever met and guys I've been doing this
for over two decades AG had a very
comfortable childhood are we surprised
if you Shield the boy from hardships
from challenges he's going to grow up to
be a that's not controversial guys
that's just common sense look at the
greatest armies that have ever walked
the face of the Earth the Romans the
Spartans the Vikings the Zulus the
calipat the Mongols they all had one
thing in common the boys had a very very
rough childhood again obviously some of
them took it way too far right but the
point I'm trying to make is having a
comfortable childhood will never turn
the into a man because remember guys
masculinity comes down to three things
your ability to protect your ability to
provide and your ability to parent and
in order to do those three things
effectively you need mental strength
physical strength intellectual strength
spiritual strength and financial
strength that's not going to happen if
you grow up without hardships next
having a masculine father or a masculine
role model that is mandatory for those
of us that grew up without our fathers
in the home we had to find that
masculine role model in myths in Legends
in books in historical figures I
personally had to look towards the great
man of old for guidance when I was a boy
but you can pick anyone in your
community again if you don't have a
masculine father in the home with you
you can pick any male in your community
that is worth learning from but it is
very important that you have a masculine
role model or a masculine presence
either in your home or in books or media
TV I don't care what it is have someone
that you aspire to be like to emulate or
to surpass that is very important in
fact that is mandatory for the
transition of a boy into a man and make
sure you pick the right Role Models
don't pick those scammers that are out
there today don't pick those masculinity
frauds I always say this the greatest
masculine figures of all time are dead
They're All Dead they're found in
history books and they're found in
mythis and legends look to those guys
for guidance don't look to those clowns
today that walk around masquerading as
men when will all they want to do is
scam me out of youring money next a
overprotective mother that is a maker
and it's not even close once again every
soft coward spineless guy that I've ever
met grew up with a overprotective mother
who shielded him from hardships who
shielded him from too much pain who did
not let him fly his own Wings there's a
reason why in every Rod of Passage
across the world one of the first things
they do is they take the boy away from
his mother's Hut a loving mother is good
but an overprotective mother will
destroy a boy next having bullies Rivals
adversaries enemies that is EXT
extremely important guys men evolve to
fight the reason why we are bigger
faster stronger taller than women on
average is because a natural selection
in sexual selection we evolved to fight
we evolved to hunt be constantly
involved in combat and the pursuit of
hard goals having a rival having an
enemy or even a bully I know it sounds
crazy is one of the things that's going
to speed up your development and your
transition from boy to manhood why
because they put that pressure on you
see without hardships without a rival
without an enemy without a bully growing
up you're going to take your time right
there's nothing Force youo to level up
right just like without Predators
animals don't really evolve fast enough
right there's no pressure right you need
someone that's constantly stimulating
your amydala constantly putting that
fear of weakness in you guys my bullies
growing up cuz I was bullied like crazy
sped up my maturity like crazy why cuz I
had no choice if I wanted to go out and
play basketball into the yard surrounded
by all these ghetto assas out there I
had to level up because there was
bullies on every corner and I was
bullied mercilessly when I was trying to
learn English I was bullied when I I was
trying to learn how to play basketball I
was bullied coming from Africa I was
bullied and because of that at 14 13
years old I had the mentality of a
freaking 20-year-old It Made Me Stronger
made me faster made me more fearless and
if you go back in my life and you remove
those bullies I would not be where I am
today in fact I would never forget at 15
years old that's the first time I stood
up to somebody who's been bullying me
ever since I was like 12 and when I
finally confronted him while everybody
else around me with a bunch of cowards
my life changed forever for one he never
 with me ever again two it filled me
with incredible confidence which gave me
momentum that I carried over into other
things in life it also taught me that
nobody's out there to save you nobody
will save you but yourself right because
all of these years no one was helping me
each time this guy would bully me until
I decided to stand up for myself and
that's when I learned this valuable
lesson that you are your only fing
savior I repeat you are your only savior
nobody else is going to save you but
yourself so for the young guys out there
have an enemy if you don't have one
create one don't go out there and do
dumb though right don't go out
there and get stabbed or killed but but
you get the point next externalizing
failure mean blaming others deflecting
never taking accountability for your own
mistakes and failures and shortcomings
that is you guessed it a maker you
want to turn a boy into a man you have
to teach him early that his life is in
his own hands it is up to us to play
with the hands we were dealt at a young
age I learned that no matter what
happens to me it is my fault I don't
care if it's an external circumstance I
always find a way to point the finger
back at myself it is always my fault if
somebody cuts my arm off today it is my
fault if somebody breaks into my house
and beats the out of me and robs me
it's my fault if I get a job and it fire
me it is my fault I don't care if guys
even if it's not your fault find a way
to make it your fault why because that's
going to teach you to look for Solutions
as opposed to blaming others and waiting
for a angel to save you and like
I always say no one is going to save you
by yourself so you want to turn a boy
into a man tell him that it is always
his fault I know that's the opposite of
what everybody tells you oh you know no
that's going to make him feel guilty I
don't give a I rather have a guy who
constantly blames himself and therefore
looks for ways to improve than a guy
who's constantly deflecting and blaming
others and unfortunately that's the
society we live in why do you guys think
that even as a black guy I do not
support black lives matter I cannot
stand that organization all they do is
and moan and whine and blame everybody
else for problems that we are
responsible for but don't even get me
started when slavery happened to my
people I'm not thinking oh it's the
white man's fault it's the European's
fault no it is our fault it is our fault
my ancestors were too weak we got our
cheeks CLA we got our asses conquered we
play the game of power and we lost
period Case Closed that's the way I see
life right I don't go out there and say
oh it's because look what the Europeans
did to Africa look what the white men
did no it is always your fault I always
say this never blame your enemy for what
you gave him the power to do I repeat
never blame your enemy for what you gave
him the power to do no one will with you
if you had your together but anyway
that brings us to the next one which is
self accountability I'm not going to
repeat it cuz it's prettyy much the
opposite of uh deflecting and blaming
others so I'm going to put that at
mandatory you want to turn a boy into a
man he has to develop a sense of
self-accountability responsibility for
his own actions and for everything that
happens to him even if he had no control
over it next failure defeat humiliation
rejection loneliness you name it that is
mandatory once again just like I
mentioned earlier in the video it is
Paramount that a boy experiences failure
rejection pain humiliation for him to
become a man why because one that's
gonna humble him right there's too many
arrogant boys out there one of the
Hallmarks of a masculine man is that he
is humble even though he is powerful he
is humble even though he is competent he
is humble even though he could you
up in an instant right and in order to
learn humility he has to fail at one
point in his life it is very hard to
kill your ego and become a humble
empathetic male if you have never
experienced rejection failure and
humiliation pride comes before the fall
and sure enough in almost every rou of
Passage there evolves some kind of
humiliation you need to be humble always
have a mindset of how can I improve how
can I do better how can I learn more how
can I help more etc etc next entitlement
thinking the world owes you
thinking Society owes you thinking
the government owes you that's a b
maker right nobody owes you anything
nobody owes you a minimum wage nobody
owes you student loan relief I mean I
could go on and on the world doesn't owe
you anything guys even justce even
something as simple as Justice this is
something that we have the privilege to
live in an era in a country in a society
where it is given to us but nobody owes
you right the world belongs to the
strong it sounds vicious it sounds
Savage but if you study history you know
that that is pure facts the world
belongs to the strong and they do with
it what they will so if you are weak
either become strong or shut up I love
what the ancient Greek said which is the
strong do what they want and the weak
suffer what they must it sounds brutal
it sounds evil but boy when I tell you
no true or facts have ever been spoken
that's how the word works you don't have
to accept it but there's nothing you
could do about it the strong do what
they want and the weak suffer what they
must so your job once again is to level
up in life to become strong or to suffer
what eventually will come to you nobody
owes you anything next learning how to
fight that is obviously mandatory once
again man evolve for combat man evolved
to fight and as I always say the three
main functions of a man is to protect
provide and
and you cannot do the first one or even
the second one unless you know how to
defend yourself learn to fight you don't
have to be an MMA fighter you don't have
to be a boxer you don't have to be a
World level Olympic wrestler but learn
basic self-defense it's not every day
that you're going to have to use it but
the one time that you have to use it and
you unable to will change your life
forever obviously negatively you could
be out in the street you could be in a
train you could be in a plane you could
be just walking to the grocery store one
day some homeless guys some crazy guy or
bully will come up to you challenge you
or your family and if you cannot defend
yourself that would be the biggest
failure if not one of the biggest
failures of your life there's nothing
worse than being with your family being
with your child being with your partner
and not being able to protect them from
some crazy person learn self-defense or
if it's legal in your country have a
weapon on you so that you can deescalate
the situation subdue the enemy and
obviously move your family away into
safety you are not a man if you cannot
protect yourself and your loved ones
learning how to fight would also give
you crazy confidence knowing that you
could walk into any scenario and won't
have to worry about a person pulling
your man card unless you wanted to Jon
Jones of course next no fap and seon
retention cool story bro nobodying cares
if you watch my videos you know how many
SS that debunk this stupid ass tradition
this stupid ass cult science has
debunked it personal experience has
debunked it empirical evidence has
debunked it and it's still being spread
around like crazy I'm under 833 of noof
FAP nobody gives a can you
protect can you provide can you parent
that's all that matters if your Triple S
score is trash meaning your ability to
provide security status and sexiness
nobody cares about how long your
noof fap streak is now if you want to do
it for self-discipline or whatever great
right but nobody cares guys peretto
principle focus on the 20% that gives
you 80% of your results I repeat focus
on the 20% inputs that give you 80% of
the output right I rather have you brag
to me about how many books you read how
strong you got in the gym how much money
you making how many skills you learn how
many people you helping how much value
you giv into the world then your longest
north5 street right nobody cares go into
the real world nobody cares I
mean this cult has created their own
value system because they fell at
everything else so they created their
own value system to give themselves some
kind of status oh look I'm on day 400
cool story bro my longest streak was 6
months I made many videos about that at
the end of those 6 months I was still
broke I was still ignorant I still had
no ability to provide security status
and seist right my life only changed
when I started focusing on the things
that actually matter learning new skills
leveling up training reading every day
that's when my life changed and during
that time guess what I was fapping as
much as I wanted to so like I
always say if you have a girl clap her
cheeks if not guys fap if you have to
watch my video on Pawn addiction and all
that stuff while I Lally debunk all the
myths and go through all the science and
exposal to BS all right next competence
and Mastery at one I repeat one crucial
skill that is mandatory nothing I repeat
nothing will give you more value and
will do more for your life and for your
transition into manhood than mastering
one useful skill and I put Bruce Lee
there because when I was a kid his
famous School changed my life which is
when he said I do not fear the man who
knows 10,000 different kicks but I fear
the man who practice one kick 10,000
times that quote changed my goddamn life
because it is so true nobody REM remers
you for the many things you're good at
they will remember you for the one thing
you are great at when I say Michael
Jordan what do you think about
basketball when I say Tom Brady what do
you think about football when I say
Cristiano Ronaldo what do you think
about soccer when I say Mike Tyson what
do you think about when I say Albert
Einstein Abraham Lincoln Alexander the
Great gen ishan KH bin alwali when I
said Jon Jones what comes to your mind
when I say khabib what comes to your
mind when I say Tiger Woods what comes
to your mind when I say Ronnie Coleman
what comes to your mind see when I
mention all of those people what do you
think about one thing even though they
were good at many things they were good
at many things but they were
exceptional and great at one thing see
where this is going every person has
accomplished something great in life
although they were good at some things
we only remember them for one thing and
the mistake a lot of boys make is they
try to be jack of all trades and master
of none they try to be good at way too
many things right Master one thing first
then diversify I always say specialize
first diversify later trust me it's
important to have a toolbox of skills
it's important to know many different
things I've studied so so many things
there's so many Sciences in my lifetime
right so there's nothing wrong with that
but if you want to maximize your
competence your Triple S score guys you
have to specialize at one crucial scale
and that's going to increase your
ability to provide security status right
so the first two letters of the Triple S
score and it's also going to increase
all five aspects of the five masculine
strengths which is again physical
strength intellectual strength mental
strength Financial strength and spirit
strength and when I say spiritual I'm
not talking about religion I'm talking
about spirituality two completely
different things next all right I'm
going to go really fast I this video is
way too long physical strength obviously
that's extremely important and there's
no reason for me to explain why right
you want to be able to protect and
provide you got to have at least above
average Baseline physical strength no
need to be a strong man competitor no
need to be a powerlifter but you got to
have above average Baseline strength
next having a loving mother growing up
I'm going to put that useful right
because that's not going to do much uh
to transition you from a a boy into a
man in fact it might actually be
counterproductive if you go back to the
part that I made about having an
overprotective mother so you want to
have a loving mother growing up that's
very useful especially to make sure that
you don't grow up too up in the
head like I am but I've met many
masculine men who didn't grw up with a
loving mother right so I'm going to put
that at useful and obviously you guys
know my story I grew up with one of the
worst mothers you could think about guys
I wouldn't even wish my mother or my
worst enemy right if somebody put a gun
to my head and say Jonathan you have two
options one is to relive your childh
with your mother again or die I would
say please shoot me now and I'm not
kidding I would much rather die right
now than relive my childhood that's how
horrible my mother was to me and I did
everything you could think about to make
that woman happy I had straight A in
school I was obedient I I I did
everything you could think about nothing
works but hey like I say some of us just
got dealt a shitty hand at Birth but the
best we could do is internalize it turn
it as fuel and use it to level up in
life next sexual experience I'm actually
going to put that at extremely important
right it is very important that you get
some form of sexual experience early
when I say early I'm not talking about
too young likeing early teens no but
early enough right definitely before
your 20s right because one that's going
to give you a lot of confidence heading
through life trust me I've consulted so
many men who are virgins into their 20s
and it is horrible they have no
confidence they're scared to approach
women they're scared to approach men cuz
deep down inside they're like oh my God
I'm a 25y old virgin right so unless
going to go against your religious
advice I know that's going to go against
all the you heard oh wait until
marriage you should go
into marriage if you believe in marriage
which obviously I don't but you should
go into marriage with some form of
sexual experience right stop subscribing
to these rules and traditions
that a bunch of old political figures
created years ago and put into a book
and called the religion so they could
hug all the women to themselves get
sexual experience early preferably
before you turn 25 it will do wonders
for your confidence and your self-esteem
the reason why a lot of you guys are
terrified of WI women it's cuz you have
no sexual experience guys once you clap
your first cheeks you realize that women
are just creatures they're just like us
bro when I see a woman I think just that
oh look a woman because I accumulated so
much sexual experience in my life that I
see them for what they are you guys put
them on a pest sto because you
have no experience with them they are
just as anxious as you if not more they
are just as fearful as you even the most
beautiful girl on the planet has more
self-esteem issues than you could think
about trust me right and these are
things you learn as you accumulate
sexual experience so accumulate sexual
experience early in life next having
spiritual strength and what do I mean by
that I mean a sense of purpose a sense
of selflessness knowing that there are
things out there greater and bigger than
you I'm not talking about religion once
again because you guys know I despise
religion like the plague
religion is a cancer right so don't get
me started I'm talking about
spirituality believing in a higher power
believing in a higher Force believing
that there are things out there greater
than you right and that you should be a
servant for good and that you should
strive to help others to love others
having empathy your sense of purpose a
sense a mission right a desire to make
the world better that's what I mean by
spiritual strength I'm going to put that
at mandatory sadly we have combined and
Confused spirituality with religiousity
and they are not the same so guys strive
to develop a purpose a sense of identity
a sense of unity a sense of Greater Love
try to develop that early in life when I
wake up every day I don't think how do I
make my life better no I think how can I
make the life of others better and in
doing so my life automatically becomes
better that's the secret right I love a
lot of you even though you
don't deserve it all right next religion
I'm going to put that at useful and
that's mainly because there are a lot of
masculine uh agnostics and atheists and
there was also a lot of masculine
religious men so as much as I on
religion and I can't freaking stand it
uh I got to give it as to right I mean
uh religion can be extremely important
uh for transitioning a boy into
masculinity as long as it didn't steals
the right values uh the reverse is also
True Religion can be a maker if it
a't steals the wrong value so you know
I'm going to put that in the middle um
but you guys already know my STS on
religion just like all things it has
some good and it has some bad next a
rebellious spirit and a curious mind I'm
going to put that extremely important if
you want to become an independent
self-sufficient and reliable male you
got to have a rebellious mindset right
because if you don't then number one
you're going to be susceptible to
brainwashing you're going to blindly
follow Authority you're going to blindly
follow tradition even if it stirs you
into the wrong path so you got to have a
curious mind a scientific mind a
critical mind I always tell you guys
don't trust nobody don't trust me don't
trust don't trust politicians don't
trust religious figures don't trust
scientists trust no one well Megan who
should we trust in trust what works
trust evidence trust power trust
Whatever Gets You from point A to point
B that is my belief system right I don't
believe in anything that cannot give me
or yield immediate result if somebody
tells you that clapping their hands
three times is going to make range
rainfall you know what I do I'm not
going to say oh I believe it oh yeah
because it's written in the book
somewhere or because God said so or
Prophet said so that I'm going to say
show me right what is your religion
Megan show me that's what my religion is
it's called does it workism the only
thing I believe in is evidence power
results right because at the end of the
day that's the only thing that
matters people could sit there and
debate religion all day debate belief
systems all day good for you the only
thing that matters is results what works
right when I'm hungry I want food when
I'm thirsty I want water when I'm in
pain I want to feel better when I'm sick
I want to be healed that's the only
thing I care about everything else is
for the birds so whatever gets
me from point A to point B that's what I
follow and if it fails me then I move on
to the next right that's the mindset I
want you guys to adopt only believe in
what works criticize everything else
even if I tell you something and it
doesn't work I want you guys to say f
you mean this doesn't work on to the
next piece of advice I don't want you
guys to be dogmatic I don't want you to
blindly follow or trust anyone including
my goddamn himself and unfortunately
today there's a scarcity of men
precisely because we have lost the
autocritica and religious books we
blindly follow tradition like a bunch of
chickens with their heads cut off I
can't stand it as a man I want you to
criticize and question everything teach
that to your son early on I even tell my
own daughter to question me if I tell
her to do something and I tell her oh
this is good for you I give her the
permission to ask me daddy I'm going to
do it but why why I have to explain to
her why it is good for her that puts me
in check that teaches her to be critical
and that also teaches me to not abuse my
power cuz too many parents out there
just abuse their power and abuse their
authority over the kids and make them do
a bunch of silly just because we
had a bad day at work that so this
is a system that I have to check me but
also to teach my daughter to not blindly
follow anyone unless she knows exactly
what's in it for her next knowledge and
education I'm going to put that at
mandatory it is very important that you
develop intellectual strength read read
read I've been saying this for the last
10 plus years guys your daily routine
should consist of reading reading
reading Audi books documentaries tar
talks if you can't read then use audio
and visual formats I don't care what you
do but you need to absorb information
every day of your life I cannot stress
this enough there are two ways to gain
the experience of 60 years one you could
live to 60 or two you could read a book
that a 60y old man wrote and it's to
everything in life right it is always
more efficient to learn from those who
came before you I love what Isaac Newton
said he said the reason why I see
further than most is because I'm
standing on the shoulders of giants when
I was young this is a quote that took me
so many places read read read read
everything take the good discard the bad
but you have to increase your
intellectual progress teach that to your
son early on next knowledge of your
history knowledge of your ancestors your
paternal and maternal line I'm going to
put that at extremely important guys it
is not fair that I know the history of
most of you guys ancestors more than you
do study your ancestors study your
history I don't care what tribe you from
what race ethnic group you are learn the
history of your ancestors it's going to
give you a sense of identity a sense of
purpose it's also going to give you some
confidence when you see the badass
things that a lot of you guys ancestors
accomplish a lot of the odd that
overcame a lot of the genocides that
survived a lot of the inventions they
came up with know the history of your
ancestors it's going to give the boy a
sense of identity a sense of purpose a
sense of unity and it's also going to
help with a spiritual strength right
that's another reason why I don't fall
for all the religious lies because I
studied the history and the religion of
almost every culture you could think
about that's how I know it's so BS cuz
you don't know what you don't know it's
not until you really study the history
of world religions that you realize how
much we've been lied to by all of the
world's major religions I always say
this you're not religious you're just
ignorant of science politics and history
it is impossible to study those three
things with an open mind and still be
religious but I digress next ambition
you got to have ambition guys you got to
have a goal that is bigger than you a
goal that frightens you as much as it
motivates you the funny thing is most
great people that ever Liv they only
accomplished a small percentage of what
they really set out to do think about
that for a second we remember them for
the great things they accomplished but
really they wanted more so put that into
your head you only going to accomplish a
small percentage of what you set out to
actually do so you want to set your
goals so high realistically high that
even if you fail to achieve them you'll
still be above everybody else right the
old saying still stands right shoot for
the stars if you m you land B the class
sou con but it's true if you try to make
a million you'll make probably a few
thousand if you try to make a billion
you make a few Millions we remember
Napoleon because he conquered France and
most of Europe but you don't know that
he really wanted to conquer the world
same thing with Alexander the Great same
thing with Michael Jordan we know oh he
had six rings he probably wanted 10 oh
Tom Brady he had seven he probably
wanted 12th right always shoot for more
I have no respect for a man with a
ambition if I ask you what is your
vision what is your life's Mission and
you tell me some like oh I just
want to be happy I just want to have a
family and a house then I already know
you would disgrace of your ancestors
next high testosterone and DHT levels
that goes without saying you guys know
where this is going mandatory literally
the hormone that turns a boy into a man
is testosterone acting through the
enogen receptor there is no masculinity
without testosterone physical strength
check mental strength check intellectual
strength check financial and spiritual
strength check it is the hormone that is
responsible for everything that I talked
about in this video it is the hormone of
Excellence it is the hormone of Conquest
it is the hormone that gives you the
will to dominate life it is no
coincidence that society today is trying
to lower men's testosterone levels to
make them easier to control and dominate
so all of you guys should aim to
naturally boost your to Stone levels as
high as possible guys think about it
there's a reason why all of these
celebrities all these uh influencers 90%
of them on trt 90% all the guys that you
guys are looking up to don't let them
fool you 90 plus per of them are on trt
for a reason now obviously they're
cowards because they pick the easy way
out because as you guys know I think
only three groups of people should be on
trt which is military or police
professional athletes and people who
cannot produce testosterone naturally
due to disease genetic disorders or
accidents whatever if you're not in
those three categories you're carard I'm
sorry but anyway you guys get the point
there the reason why all of these guys
on TT because the ton is literally the
hormone of success but as for you do it
naturally do not rent your masculinity
from a goddamn bottle if theone is what
makes you a man and you're getting it
from an injection what does that tell
you you are not a man without that fing
bottle I rather die than become
dependent on big F for my masculinity
but that's just me next having someone
to provide for to care for I'm going to
put that at mandatory you want to turn
the boy into a man nothing will do that
faster than giving him a leadership role
giving him a position where he's
responsible for somebody else's
well-being that's why a lot of boys
quickly become men the moment they have
a kid right not all but most having
somebody to provide it doesn't have to
be a kid it could be your child it could
be a cousin it could be a niece a nephew
a cousin a little brother a place that
you work at where you watching over kids
doesn't matter but being responsible for
somebody's protection or provision is
going to catapult your journey into
manhood because it's going to make you
selfless it's going to make you it's
going to make you put others ahead of
you it's going to teach you to be humble
it's going to teach your teamwork it's
going to teach you kindness empathy I
mean I could go on and on you want to
turn a boy into a man make him
responsible to someone else next having
Financial Freedom Financial stability so
that's I'm putting money here but think
about it money is just resources so
there's nothing magical about money it's
really the ability to procure resources
I'm going to put that at mandatory why
simple once again the goal of a man is
to protect provide and parent none of
which you could do if you dead
broke you cannot protect your family if
you're broke you cannot provide for your
family if you're broke and you cannot
effectively parent or lead if you are
broke so don't let nobody tell you to
not prioritize the acquisition of money
that's one of the biggest lies that I
was told when I was a kid and it took me
years to finally break out of that
mindset and it set me back so much but
again that's my fault for being a
dumbass and listening to idiots who
would tell me not to care about money
but yet would go work a 40h hour a week
driver that they couldn't stand
for what for money everything you're
going to do to make your family happy or
your loved ones happy will require money
the food you buy the clothes you buy the
house you live in the car you drive the
internet you have the phone that you
have the plane tickets you're going to
buy to travel the world everything the
books you're going to read the gas in
your car everything you're going to use
to level up as a man or provide for your
loved ones is going to require either
your money or the money of somebody else
so make it your goal as a man to be
financially independent don't let all
these broke clowns out there trying to
justify their Brokenness by telling you
oh don't worry about money don't worry
about money as they working the job they
can't fing stand or as they're begging
for donations money or should I say the
ability to procure resources has always
been the Hallmark of masculinity when we
were hunter gatherers it was the best
hunter when we were farmers and
agriculturists it was the best farmer if
you were in a nomadic or hurting Society
then it was who had the most goats and
cattles and camels or whatever so it all
comes down to the ability to procure
resources it has never changed next
having mental strength having metal
courage bravery fearlessness discipline
stoicism you name it pretty much mental
strength mental toughness that is
without a doubt mandatory in fact the
two biggest domains in which men defer
from women is in physical strength and
mental strength there's a reason why
testosterone increases your confidence
your fearlessness and lowers your
anxiety because everything you need to
do to fulfill your role as a man right
which is to protect provide and parent
is going to require mental
toughness got to be Fearless you got to
be brave you got to be disciplined you
got to learn how to control your
emotions got to be stubid you got to be
somebody that somebody can rely on teach
that to your son early on and last but
not least a chip on your shoulder a
spirit of Vengeance I know that's
controversial but that is extremely
important if you study every great man
that ever lived one thing that they had
in common was they had a chip on their
shoulder they had something that they
wanted to prove or something that they
wanted to conquer or someone that they
wanted to get back at I know it sounds
crazy I know it sounds negative but
trust me don't shoot the messenger it
works nothing will motivate you more
than Vengeance nothing will motivate you
more than trying to prove somebody wrong
who doubted you who give up on you or
who thought less of you Jordan had a
chip on his shoulder Tom Brady had a
chip on his shoulder Alexander the Great
had a chip on his shoulder Mike Tyson
had a chip on his shoulder King David
had a chip on his shoulder genis Khan
had a chip on his shoulder Muhammad had
a chip on his shoulder if you studyed
the history of great man there's one
thing that they all had in common is
somebody did them dirty and they were
driven by the desire to either get back
or to surpass the expectations that the
people who doubted them put on them but
anyway guys hope this video helps don't
forget to subscribe like and grab a copy
of the ebook on the website if you want
to support the channel I'm out of here
