hey guys what's up Megan here it's about
time I make this video uh I haven't got
a lot of requests from it since the
first time I been mentioned about the
whole estrogen
thing and you guys uh keep saying well
what are the foods that lower estrogen
this and that why is it even a big deal
lot of people don't understand that uh
people try to take testosterone boosters
try to lift heavy do all the things that
raise testosterone levels but then
forget that if you raise your
testosterone levels and you're not you
know controlling estrogen and aromati I
get to that later you just shooting
yourself in the foot because you're
really going to get you know even fatter
believe it or not you're going to get
more and more estrogen and I explain how
this whole thing works um I didn't want
to go into the details in the other
video because it's like you know you
don't really need to know the details
right long as you know what to do what
not to do you fine but a lot of my
subscribers like to have the mean
mindset of wanting to know everything
that's happening in both you know both
in a small picture and the big picture
so I'm going to go out there and you
know try to draw it on the board show
you guys why it's very important to keep
estrogen in check even bodybuilders
understand that body when use steroids
know that's why they take estrogen
blockers guys cuz they know it's not
enough to just raise your testosterone a
lot of them raises testosterone by
taking you know like uh um all these
drugs but they get man booos you know
they get gyo is because they're not
controlling estrogen that's why a lot of
BS now not are not only taking
testosterone uh through drugs but also
estrogen blockers because he plays a
very very very big part and um looking
good once again why do you want to keep
your estrogen levels in check and it's
funny a lot of people think that only
women have estrogen nowadays if you go
look at the statistics guys have just as
much estrogen believe it or not a lot of
the overweight guys have really really
high estrogen levels not as much as
women but but too high right and
estrogen is not a bad hormone it's
needed for a lot of things in in the
human body but too much of it is where
we have a problem especially if you're
trying to build muscle because estrogen
and testosterone don't you know have
different physiological effects on the
human body now number one before I even
start how do you know that you need to
keep your Esten level in check number
one if you your mood is shitty you're
always in a shitty mood right you have
mood problems you have mood swings
number two you have a lot of belly fat
like me right that's how I started this
cut five weeks ago um you have too much
belly fat from your dirty Buck or
whatever you were doing or even you know
through genetics um you have uh low
energy low sex drive right low semen
volume right uh low you just lost that
drive that that competitive nature nine
out of 10 times it's because you have
low testosterone levels high estrogen
levels right it's not the only reason
but if you have all these symptoms or or
like at least three F of these symptoms
you want to check you want to bring down
your estrogen and a lot and I explain to
you guys why this whole thing you know
affects your mind it really affects your
brain and after that your body but uh
first let me give you a
quick run I don't know if you guys can
see I don't know how far I should put
this oh about here let me just
draw quick picture to you by the way I
have my Piccolo vest I didn't stop
wearing it I got a lot of questions if
you see me wearing my big black sweaters
because I have this underneath when I go
to school and stuff like that
um let's say you have the human
body your brain is in
here blah blah
blah your
balls down here
this is a dude right big fat guy you got
a human body here right uh your brain is
up
here and this is what happens first you
have your hypothalamus and your P again
I'm just going to draw them over here
they're not really here but this over
here in your brain your hypothalamus is
going to release Gad drop and releasing
hormone you don't have to write it down
guys uh that's going to go to your
pituitary gland and make it release
lutenizing hormone right I love the way
the Body Works it's so cool so can St
releasing hormone in your brain let's
say you do like a heavy set of squats or
you sleeping or whatever that raises
testosterone gr releas hormone is going
to release Lu hormone hormone is going
to go down to the L cells of your balls
your testes right your L cells is going
to start producing um uh testosterone
right obviously your body is going to
release F follicle stimulating hormone
but don't worry about that for now let's
wor about lhm going to go to your balls
your balls are going to take cholesterol
once again that's why you got to eat
cholesterol got people trying to stay
away from saturated fats you want to
keep them in check but you also need a
high intake of them your body's going to
use cholesterol lot of people don't even
know that testosterone is made from
cholesterol but I going take cholesterol
and make testosterone right first you're
going to turn the cholesterol into I
think pregnanolone something like that
and then it's going to do whole bunch of
reaction finally you have testosterone
right but now the problem is once you
have testosterone it can go one or two
ways right it can go into DHD which is
dihydro one of the most powerful
androgens in the entire human body right
out of all the Androgen Androgen means
hormones right like masculinizing
hormones D is are most powerful because
it binds in receptors like a
[ __ ] right uh but not that great
for muscle size and I explain in a whole
different video um it depends right and
the other way is uh by the way the thing
that's going to turn testosterone into
DHD is 5 Al for reduct days I'm going to
make a video about that later on but
we're not worried about that wor about
estrogen the other way is estrogen
that's what you don't want as a
bodybuilder you don't want your
testosterone to be become estrogen and
the thing that's going to do that is
going to be the key of this video the
topic of this video is aromatase the
aromatase enzyme is going to take your
hard ear testosterone and turn that
[ __ ] into estrogen and now the problem
with estrogen is not only it gives you
all these femal characteristics not only
it gives you I don't know if you guys
can tell not only it gives you the
female characteristics not only you know
it uh it makes you gain more fat but it
does this very negative thing right very
negative thing the way your brain
controls the balance of your hormones is
if you have a lot of testosterone your
testosterone is going to go back
obviously to your muscle cells make you
g you know get muscle sized it's going
to go to your brain give you like whole
bunch of good [ __ ] right but it's also
going to go to your brain and say hey we
have too much testosterone stop
releasing lutenizing hormone right so
your brain is going to stop making more
testosterone if you have a lot of
testosterone right but if you also have
a lot of estrogen the estrogen is also
going to go to your brand it's called a
negative feedback loop right feedback
loop ex is also going to go to your
brand and say hey it's not say we have
enough estrogen it's going to say we
have enough hormones and your brain is
going to stop making uiz the hormone
which is going to stop making
testosterone in the long run I don't if
you guys understand so you don't want
too much estrogen because too much
estrogen like more estrogen and
testosterone estrogen is going to go to
your brain and make your body stop
making testosterone so now you just
stuck with a whole lot of estrogen
floating around your bloodstream and
very low tea that is why high estrogen
means low testosterone levels cuz a
negative feedback loop right so how do
we fix that problem number one remember
without without aromatized enzyme is
very very hard I think it's even
impossible to have to have estrogen in
your blood so you want to stop estrogen
where it's being produced I in a video
telling you guys if you want to fight
fat you want to fight anything you want
to stop it at it Source right you don't
want to just fight it head on you want
to stop at a sauce if you get rid of
Aroma taste you don't have to worry
about estrogen too much right so here
let me show you
guys where's my Eraser
what's my [ __ ]
eraser all right check make sure the
video is still playing all right so let
me erase that so we you trying to stop a
roati right and don't forget guys the
more estrogen you have the more uh the
more fat your body's going to produce
don't forget guys women have the most
estrogen wear around their breasts and
around their thighs and that's also
where they have the most fat the more
fat you have the more raom material your
body is going to produce and the more
raom material your body produces the
more estrogen produce it's like a
vicious Loop guys it's like aromatase is
in fat cells
right then aromatase takes your
testosterone and turns it into estrogen
that estrogen leads you to gain more fat
and that more fat has more aromatase and
it's a vicious Loop that's why
uh when you dirty Buck I tell you guys
do not dirty bu for too long don't make
the mistake I made guys dirty bu for too
long your belly fat keeps increasing and
your gain slow down guys your gain slow
down at first you're going to start make
when you start buing at first you make
ridiculously gains if you were lean at
first and you started bulking you make
excellent gains and you start plateauing
you start plateauing when your body fake
is too high right so let me show
you I call it
stop
block
destroy remove four ways to remove the
four strategies to fix High Exogen
problems right and I got a lot of this
stuff from a lot of research on cancer
guys you want to know once again like I
always say you want to learn anything
about bodybuilding look at biology look
at chemistry look at you know like uh
pharmaceutical research because even
though there's money involved it's not
as bad as you know bodybuilding
Marketing Systems right they always
trying to sell you something so a lot of
information is not going to be
subjective most of it besides body
building is all biology guys biology and
chemistry and some some Physics so
anyway this is how you stop estrogen
first you want to stop the production of
estrogen right so you want to stop
aromatases right there are foods that do
that number two you want to block the
estrogen receptors once again this is
the muscle
cell right the DNA is down here estrogen
is floating around the blood right FL
around the blood estrogen needs an ER
I'm going to buy right here e estrogen
receptor it needs to bond to the
estrogen receptor in order to go inside
the nucleus sometimes it even goes to
nucleus and does that [ __ ] and express
itself right make your boobs bigger make
your belly bigger your butt bigger
whatever right but um without the
estrogen receptor estrogen can't get his
Drive done right so you want to Black
Exogen receptors a lot of the steroids B
take like to mix for whatever [ __ ] it's
stuff that was really made for cancer
you know cancer patients right because
you know estrogen and breast cancer you
guys know so you want to block the
estrogen receptor right once you block
estrogen receptor and you stop the
production of aromatases now you have
estrogen floating around the blood with
nowhere to bind right so next thing you
want to do is you want to destroy
estrogen you want to turn it into a
different compound once again there are
foods that do that there are foods that
turn estrogen into different compounds I
don't know if you guys can see so and
then last and not least once you made
estrogen into different compounds that
are not SP estrogen you want to remove
it from your system so it's only four
ways guys four ways to lower your
estrogen and raise your testosterone
levels so here let me show it
again number one you want to stop right
stop the production of estrogen that's
the first thing you want to do is you
want to stop aromatase stop that enzyme
once you stop aromatase your body can't
convert your testosterone into estrogen
next you want to block the estrogen
receptors we you blacked estrogen
receptors using um phytoestrogens or
different foods that have like a that
look like they have the chemical
properties of estrogen but don't really
have the power of estrogen like they
they black to the estrogen receptor but
they don't you know make you gain fat or
whatever you want to do that you want to
do step two which is black those weor
step three you want to finally destroy
the estrogen molecules that are floating
around your blood right once again I'm
going to show you the foods that do that
look in the comment section or in the
description I'm going to list all the
foods there's many foods I spent weeks
researching all the foods that are
proven to work on estrogen receptors and
estrogen itself and last but not least
you want to remove you know the new
compounds that you made and you want to
detoxify estrogen from your body your
liver is going to do most of that so
Step One Stop Aroma taste what is the
number one way to stop Aroma taste guys
lose belly fat that's once again that's
why I'm cutting got to lose this belly
fat right here not just belly fat but
mostly fat guys usually store the fat
around their stomach that's why I say
belly fat a lot but it's just mainly fat
right so you want to lose fat that's one
once you lose fat you lose a lot of
aromati in fact I looked at the study
where a lot of men that go through how
do you call the surgery the surgery that
they remove your fat you know I forgot
what it's called once they remove um uh
the fat of like many patients whatever
the araus levels drop the estrogen
levels drop and the tea levels go up
without any exercise any food nothing
that's just to show you that fat is one
of the biggest producers of aromates so
that's one you want to stop aromates by
losing fat and by eating a lot of foods
that inhibit Aroma like zinc um broccoli
uh uh cabbage I want to put it in the
description guys there a lot of foods
that stop Aroma taste zinc is one of the
most powerful ones also you have cortine
you have Cryin from honey next you want
to block the estrogen receptors now the
things that do that are called phyto
phytoestrogens right once again look in
the description I'm going to list all
the foods that have a proven effect on
blocking estrogen
receptors uh you have uh I think flax
seeds do some of that um uh soy but I
don't like any soy cuz I'm really scared
cuz it's very similar to ex it's not as
powerful estrogen but it's very similar
uh it's pretty much Lance things like
that number three you want to finally
destroy estrogen I said destroy but you
really turning into different compounds
and the things that do that are foods
crucifers foods that are pretty much uh
like broccoli
cauliflower uh cabbage brussel sprouts
uh most crucifers do that job plus a lot
of different foods I'm going to put in
the description foods that are high in
indoor three car and food are high in
you know dim and and last and not least
you want to remove now you guys got to
understand your EST is going to leave
your body through your your bow that's
you got to eat a lot of fiber right um
and you also want to eat a lot of stuff
to clean out your liver your liver is
very I'm want to put liver liver is very
important when it comes to moving
estrogen liver detox a lot of vitamin C
uh you want to Alize your body I'm going
to put all the foods that help your
liver clean out estrogen guys so that's
it four strategies and I guarantee you
within a week you you start noticing
changes not just in um it will take
months to be honest it take weeks or
months to see major changes but in a
week you can already see changes in your
mood changes in you know you wake up in
the morning you have more morning Woods
believe it or not more morning erections
uh your aggression stuffs to come back
your drive stuffs to come back and your
Fab to out the way if you follow these
principles right just make sure when you
go grocery shopping you buy the foods
that's that that do one of these four
things right U the most powerful ones
like I said broccoli all the crucifers
and things like that a lot of vitamin C
A lot of citrus a lot of Cit citrus
fruits right so stay tuned for the next
video on testosterone and leptin
resistance and things like that so hope
this video is helpful guys once again
you don't need to know the details you
could just eat broccoli and zinc and all
that [ __ ] but it's just for my nerves
out there who like to know the big
picture and the small details I'm out of
here hope this helps guys
