hey guys what's going on megan here
quick video on a question a subscriber
asked me so the effects of act
destroying and myostatin so here's a
quick study that i'm gonna
break down later on in the video but
long story short there goes the effects
of ignisterone and igf-1 on my stand
expression as you can see there's a huge
almost 50 it's actually about 40 drop
in uh my satin from the distro group and
the igf-1 but as you can see here huge
drop in my style and obviously these are
c2 c12 cells there's no other natural
compound in the entire literature that
drops
my statin this much right the next
runner-ups are pretty much happy
and creatine but even they don't lead to
such a huge drop in milestone anyway
this is another episode of my statin
monday
where we talk about anything related to
my statin and also file statin which is
once again the most important molecules
and pathways in the entire human body
when hypertrophy
is the goal all right so for those of
you guys who are new or who need a
refresher here's the summary on
everything you need to know about my
statin if you're already familiar with
this part just skip it go into the next
chapter because i'm literally copying
and pasting it from the prior videos all
right so long story short my statin is a
gene it's a protein that your body makes
and its job is pretty much the limit how
much muscle you could put on right if it
wasn't for myostatin it will all walk
around like the [ __ ] hook right so
that's four main things
it stops protein synthesis
it increases protein breakdown it lowers
satellite cell activation
and it makes you insulin resistant which
obviously leads to less muscle more fat
so pretty much it makes your skinny fat
phylostatin on the other hand it's
another protein that your body makes and
it does the opposite of myostatin right
it stops myosin from activating its
effects to its receptor it also stops
active in a so this is the most anabolic
molecule
in the human body father satin
even more anabolic than testosterone in
fact testosterone's effects are mainly
mediated through phosphate here are some
examples of what happens when your
myostatin levels are too high for
example the reason why your legs shrank
when you put them in a cast so you
immobilize for a long time is because
myostatin levels go up the reason why
hiv and cancer patients lose a ton of
muscle so fast is also because the
myostatin levels go up
and the reason why astronauts lose a ton
of muscle mass in space is because once
again when you go into space in a low
gravity environment my stand also goes
up right so my stand is the bad guy
if your goal is to maximize muscle
growth
here's an example of a rat at the bottom
here this is the control right this is a
normal ride and this is the rat that was
genetically engineered to overproduce
phylostatin and to also lack the
myostatin gene so as you can see that's
the biggest rat we've seen in in
research four times the amount of muscle
as a regular rat right so and once again
normal levels of testosterone normal
levels of antigens it is so massive it's
not even funny and here's what the rat
looks like when it's actually alive
straight braley dwarfing the other rat
and this is lean muscle as well
extremely low levels of body fat this is
the monkey that was injected without a
style as you can see here
this is before the injection this is
only a few weeks after the injection
about three months after the injection
absurd amounts of muscle growth
and this is the 10 year old kid who is
lucky enough to be born with a myostatin
deficiency once again he has normal
levels of testosterone completely natty
but look at his physique at 10 years old
right
his parents were freaked out and brought
him to the doctor and yeah he's healthy
perfectly healthy normal levels of
androgens didn't even go through puberty
yet yeah he has more muscle than the
average grown ass man once again this is
what happens when you're lacking myosin
or you over producing phylostat and
again the reason why professional
bodybuilders look so [ __ ] huge is
because one of the main effects of
testosterone is to interfere with the
master and pathway mainly by up
regulating phallostatin or increasing
the activity of the rgf1 pathway
several studies also back this up as you
can see here one of the most important
transcription factors in fact the most
important transcription factor for
muscle growth is accurate one you can
see here the correlation is 0.999 which
is in short the most important
transcription factor for hypertrophy and
sure enough my satin blocks this gene
so you want to put on gains you have to
down regulate my stat and you have to
lower my stand another study shows the
same thing the correlation with the
amount of gains you put on after
training and your ability to lower my
statin is negative point 82 which is
massive my stand is also the reason why
old women put on a lot less muscle than
young men or old man after training
mainly because they have a hard time
lowering my statin even when they're
trained as you can see here old man have
a big drop in my style after training
young men have the biggest drop in my
style and after training which is why
again young man put on muscle so fast
young women decent drop but old women
struggle to lower myostatin which is why
they struggle to put on muscle mass
and several other studies confirm this
as you can see here
one of the main reasons why women cannot
get as big as men even if you inject
them with testosterone is because the
myostatin activity is way too high
myostatin is also responsible for
insulin resistance so if you have a dead
body you skinny fat you have that tire
around your belly well
chances are you have very high levels of
myostatin next myostatin is also the
reason why those will train with full
body workout so with high frequency tend
to put on muscle so fast because the
dropping mice and after training
only lasts for less than a day right the
drop peaks at the eight hour mark and
then slowly after that myerstein goes
back to baseline right it goes right
back to [ __ ] up your gains so that's
why those who train more frequently
just full body workouts nucleus overload
tend to put on muscles so fast right
they constantly keeping my stat and down
regulated smile stand is also the reason
why people will supplement with creatine
tend to put on more muscle it's not just
the other effects of creatine it's
mainly that creatine also
is a very very powerful myostatin
blocker as you can see here
this is the drop in my style from the
group that trained with our creatine and
this is the drop in my stand from the
group that trained with creatine huge
drop
and lastly
that's the reason why the world
anti-doping agency
ban every
single agent that drastically blocks my
stand or his father stat but if you want
to lower my stand you're gonna have to
do it naturally and i have a ton of
videos on that i just watched the
playlist all right back to the actual
study keep in mind this is a very recent
study it's actually a review 2021 from
dinan and pretty much what they did was
they exposed the c2 c12 cells to
different compounds you can see here the
igf-1
like this throne and egg this wrong
combined with a bunch of other [ __ ] but
let's focus on just these two right here
so again rgf1 that's not surprising we
got roughly a 40 to 50 percent drop in
my saturn once again it's not tracking
at all we already know how jf1 does that
the tracking part is obviously like this
around doing pretty much the same thing
but once again this also shouldn't be
shocking to you guys
since we all know that this throne works
through and obviously that's the
receptor that's also responsible for
estrogen's anabolic effects on igf-1 and
things like that and remember guys if
you watch my videos you should not be
shocked right you cannot anything that
increases protein sentences
significantly right
p-value less than 0.05 it's gonna have
to reduce my stat
right you guys should know this by now
if you guys remember my little nerdy
hypertrophy pathways right all the
different pathways that lead to protein
synthesis as you can see obviously the
igf-1 and m-12 pathway is right here
which is the most important paraphrase
for protein synthesis i received the end
of translation and as you can see igf-1
is upstream of that pathway and
obviously external circuits or whatever
working through the estrogen receptor
beta also activates akg which is again
part of the amateur pathway and remember
the myostatin pathway is always going to
be opposite of the igf-1 m2 pathway so
whenever you activate this pathway you
down regulate this one and vice versa
you cannot have substantial protein
sentences without blunt and myostatin
right because again myostatin activating
through smad is always going to [ __ ]
block akt m2 so once again this
shouldn't be surprising to you guys and
that's why i've been telling you guys
year after year for what almost 10 years
now
this one is no joke and i'm glad that is
capturing steam is finally becoming
popular now especially with derrick
popularizing turkisteron right but again
you guys shouldn't be shocked right this
is old news and this is also not the
first study that shows that this one's
effect on my style if you want i could
cover the other ones in future videos
now i'm not going to get into dosage and
you know the foods you get it from and
things like that i already covered that
in additional video check that one out
so please stop asking redundant
questions and stop asking questions
already answered a million times i don't
want to see a single question about me
and what should i get this one from i've
already answered that guys you guys know
i'm an anti-supplement right i prefer to
get all my [ __ ] from food same thing
with my clients something with my
friends right not just because i don't
trust supplement companies which
obviously i don't
but mainly because you're getting
everything guys you're getting the
calories you're getting the
vitamins and minerals and 90 of your
[ __ ] are deficient in vitamins
and minerals anyway so
you're getting the best bang for your
buck right it's cheaper it's safer in
some cases it's more bioavailable
and you don't have to worry about oh am
i still 90 from doing this if you have
to ask if you're still naughty after
eating a bunch of spinach and canola
then you got bigger issues to worry
about
by the way i wanted to keep this video
short guys yes egg dicerone does reduce
my statin that shouldn't come as a shock
but now once again keep in mind these
are c2 c12 cells but but the pathway is
obviously identical in humans which is
why they still use to this day all right
guys hope this video helps see you guys
in the next video alright guys don't
forget to like or share the video
subscribe and hit the bell and buy my
hsp nucleus of a little training program
it's the ultimate program for maximum
muscle growth it includes full body
workout splits bro splits push-pull home
workouts you name it also comes with a
complete guide for macros nutrition fat
loss muscle growth hormones
including a meal plan it's pretty much
all my 16 years of experience
condensed into one [ __ ] book you're
also gonna get free copies of any future
edition so visit team3d alpha.com and
you can use the 40 off coupon code
nucleus overload or you could just buy
this [ __ ] at full price all right guys
i'm out of here
