burns a
ton of calories especially if you're
doing
hey guys what's going on megan here all
right we're going to do something
different today we actually going to use
artilleries that i did not create myself
right i just found this on the website
usually i make my own chair list but
this one i decided to borrow um but
obviously i had to change the criteria
right i had to use the basic team
through the alpha ranking system right
so best forms of cardio to burn as many
calories as possible
uh given an equal amount of time so
let's say you had 10 minutes or 20
minutes or an hour
to burn as many calories as possible
which of these forms of cardio uh is
number one and which was at the bottom
right obviously all cardio is good um
also keep in mind that
just because something scores up here it
doesn't mean it's good for you right
because
you also got to factor in the fact that
you guys are lifting weights right so if
something is too intense um yeah it's
gonna burn a lot of calories but it's
also gonna interfere with your recovery
in the gym so keep that in mind um but
anyway so let's get started right let's
pick them at random uh again the main
criteria is
what burns the most calories in a given
amount of time right let's use 10
minutes as an example right let's get
started walking obviously pure garbage
all right keep in mind walking is
amazing it's an amazing form of cardio
in fact it's my most recommended form of
cardio for most of you [ __ ] but
that's mainly because
it does not interfere with your recovery
from the gym in fact it increases your
recovery from the gym right but for the
sake of this video it's going to be a
pure garbage simply because compared to
the other items here you're not going to
burn as many calories walking as you are
doing stuff like let's say football or
golf whatever okay so one last time it's
in pure garbage only because we
comparing it to these other methods of
cardio for the sake of what burns the
most calories if this video was about
best forms of cardio uh for a
bodybuilder for somebody who's trying to
increase recovery then this would be
obviously and i'm about to not category
all right next hrt obviously i'm about
to not category right
best of the best you can't beat it
obviously it depends on what you're
doing there are many ways to do hit
but
maximum intensity followed by short
periods of like the rest you're gonna
burn a crap ton of calories back when i
was obsessed with my six-pack and i
wanted to be as lean as possible hic was
how i did it but keep in mind if you're
lifting weights on a regular basis h.i.t
is horrible right it's gonna interfere
with your recovery
unless you program it perfectly next mma
[ __ ] amazing right again i'm assuming
maximum intensity if you're just
bitching around and walking around and
[ __ ] obviously you're not gonna burn a
lot but i'm talking maximum intensity
mma the opponent in your face constantly
[ __ ] amazing you're gonna burn a crap
ton of calories right and again i'm
using met right metabolic cost of the
activities this is all objective this is
not subjective
now if you're obviously doing it with
moderate effort i wish i don't see why
you would then obviously be lower but
[ __ ] amazing for mma um boxing would
be somewhere down here right mainly
because you know you're not really
grappling with your opponent whereas mma
you're boxing you're kicking you're
grappling i mean it's all in one alright
next jump rope once again [ __ ]
amazing i was going to put it higher but
nothing comes closer to charity
jump roping will get you shredded right
burns a ton of calories again it's going
to work your core your calves your
shoulders obviously your legs
you know and it is extremely hard you
don't believe me try jump roping for
five minutes straight not even 10
minutes straight just five minutes
straight going as fast as possible
this [ __ ] will burn you the [ __ ] out
right so burns a ton of calories but
once again the items that are up here
should not be combined with resistance
training unless you program a resistance
training split to make room for these
high intensity activities next golfing
i'm gonna put golf out okay believe it
or not people thought i was going to be
in battle pure garbage you actually
burned a ton of calories playing golf
right because remember it's a lot of
walking and you're also carrying them
[ __ ] golf clubs right so you're going
to be burning slightly more calories
than walking um i was gonna put it up
here but the reason why it's higher
again is because it depends on how heavy
your golf clubs are now if you're just
riding in your [ __ ] golf cart all day
then of course it's gonna go lower right
it's gonna go to be the battle pure
garbage i'm actually gonna go to bed uh
but if you're actually walking a lot
carrying your heavy ass golf clubs it's
gonna go in okay next rolling is also
gonna go in okay obviously it's gonna go
in front of golfing um and i know what
you're thinking oh my god you know
shouldn't rolling be significantly
higher no not really right you're mainly
using your upper body don't get me wrong
obviously it's hard but you mainly using
your upper body
a little little bit of legs but based on
met value it's not significantly higher
you know you seated after all basketball
[ __ ] amazing again depending on what
kind of game you're playing right if
you're playing half court then obviously
it's not going to be the same but i'm
referring to a full court game of
basketball 505 running up and down
jumping grabbing rebounds blocking
playing defense dribbling shooting
someone who's actually playing on both
ends of the court holy [ __ ] this is
gonna burn so many [ __ ] calories
mainly because this is a full body
explorer that requires you to run jump
stop accelerate decelerate i mean crazy
i mean it's insane the amount of
calories you burn i'm playing a game of
basketball full court all right i'm
gonna try to go faster so this video is
not too long sauna i'm gonna put sunday
at pure garbage right the amiga sauna is
really low i think it's between 1.7 and
2
um relative to all the other things up
here it's going to be in pure garbage
football again it's between [ __ ]
amazing and okay obviously depending on
your position right if you're a [ __ ]
kicker then that's just gonna be all the
way down here right if you're a line man
it's gonna be higher if you're running
back it's obviously gonna be a lot
higher if you're a wide receiver
jesus christ is gonna be and i'm about
to not category right so it really
depends on your position right if you're
a cornerback if you're a receiver uh
you're mainly gonna be up here right if
you're running back as well
right if you're a quarterback you're
obviously gonna be lower so again it
depends on the position so i'm gonna put
it on average i'm gonna put it at okay
right because again it depends on your
position right you could be down here or
up here depending on the position you
play in football soccer again also
depends on the position but i'm going to
assume you're not a goalie if you're a
goalie
it's going to be really low right but
obviously if you're running up and down
the big ass fail then you're gonna be in
[ __ ] amazing category right as far as
how many calories you're gonna burn
right and most of the positions in
football except for the goalie uh are
very very very active right that's the
reason why it's higher than football
right because in football you really
have a lot of positions that are not
burning as many calories so on average
soccer is higher and keep in mind i hate
soccer or i'm an american football fan
but gotta stay objective next swimming
[ __ ] amazing especially if you're
doing the butterfly stroke right if
you're doing some you know
breaststroke or
freestyle depending on the speed and
effort of course it's going to be lower
but if you're doing butterfly holy [ __ ]
[ __ ] amazing in terms of calorie
burning cycling same thing depends on
your effort right but if you go maximum
effort then it's going to go and i'm
about to not category right and i'm
talking maximum effort uh competitive
cycling going uphill holy [ __ ] this is
going to be and i'm about to know the
category when it comes to the amount of
calories you burn if you're just going
for a basic stroll you're just riding
your bike around the neighborhood then
you're going to be somewhere between
[ __ ] amazing and okay right so just
because they're different you know you
gotta factor in the intensity you gotta
factor in the slope of the hill i'm
gonna put that somewhere between [ __ ]
amazing okay so i'm gonna put that here
right but obviously the higher the
effort the higher it goes next skating
once again [ __ ] amazing people really
underestimate and it's skating also for
rollerblading i'm also gonna put a
little building up here right because
keep in mind you not only you running
but you're also balancing yourself right
it burns a ton of calories right a lot
of people are actually surprised at how
many calories skating and rollerblading
burn all right stair master i'm gonna
put that out okay right anywhere in here
again it depends on how fast you're
going the effort you're using but pretty
much just going upstairs whether using
the stairmaster or just you know any
stairs it's gonna burn a decent amount
of calories
running again if you're going full speed
i'm about to not category in fact it's
gonna be in front
of hrt right if you're going full speed
if you're sprinting
maximum speed as if a [ __ ] save
saber-toothed tiger is chasing you
nothing is going to burn as many
calories as a human being who's
spreading maximum speed nothing right
now if you're not going max maximum
speed then obviously it's going to go
down to either [ __ ] amazing okay
depend on your effort but maximum speed
i'm about to not tennis tennis
is going to be at the very beginning of
okay right i was going to put it in
[ __ ] amazing
right because keep in mind you're also
changing directions really fast it's a
full body workout right using your arms
a lot
your hips you're rotating you have to be
very agile you're constantly changing
directions but you do not cover
a huge distance like in soccer for
instance right and you also have brakes
right so depending on your skill level
is between [ __ ] amazing okay if
you're a high-skilled tennis player then
it's definitely gonna be [ __ ] amazing
right because you're almost doing hit
almost
um if you're
average level tennis player
then it's gonna be in okay right it also
depends on who you're going against if
you're going against somebody who's
really good then yeah that's definitely
gonna move up to uh [ __ ] amazing
because they're gonna have you running
left right
you know constantly you know keeping
your torso bent right always in a
semi-squatted position but if you're
going around you know if you're going
against some noob then obviously it's
gonna be in okay so again tennis it
depends right so you can put that one
here down here depending on who you're
going against next baseball again
another thing that heavily depends on
your position so i'm going to put that
in okay
you can use common sense here depending
on the position right if you're
constantly running obviously going to go
to [ __ ] amazing if you're just
pitching the ball you're going to be
okay next burpee burpee isn't [ __ ]
amazing but once again it depends on how
much you weigh right obviously the more
you weigh the harder the burpee is going
to be it also obviously depends on how
condition you are but pretty much the
bigger you are the more calories uh
burpees are going to burn right because
you're getting you jumping you're
getting on the ground you're getting
back up uses a lot of agility uses both
your legs and your upper body
so [ __ ] amazing the elliptical
believe it or not it's in bad right
people think this burns a lot of
calories not really right elliptical
does not burn as many calories relative
to the other items up here like the
amity is somewhere between four and five
now if you see if you go really fast and
really intense right you can really
increase that intensity of course you're
gonna go up to okay and in some rare
instances too [ __ ] amazing but
most of the time it's gonna be between
bad and okay
right last but not least dancing guys
dancing burns a [ __ ] ton of calories a
[ __ ] ton of calories especially if you
don't obviously high intense you know
dancing if you're doing some basic slow
jam [ __ ] right obviously you're not
gonna burn drag [ __ ] but if you're doing
really intense dancing where you're
constantly spinning and having to
balance yourself and
doing flips and [ __ ] yeah it's in
[ __ ] amazing right it's nowhere close
to obviously mma but you know you get
the point right so dancing [ __ ]
amazing you'll be amazed at how many
calories you burn if you're constantly
moving jumping
spinning moving your arms your legs
right if you're [ __ ] then sorry if
you're barely moving and it's going to
go between okay and bad right but
assuming you're a really good dancer or
you're doing some [ __ ]
crazy crackhead dance
then this is [ __ ] amazing but it's at
the very end of [ __ ] amazing right so
don't even think for a second that
somebody who's dancing crazy is burning
as many calories or somebody who's jump
roping or
uh doing mma right the rest of these i
pretty much put them you know anywhere i
wanted to but
you get the hand anyway guys those are
the most popular forms of cardio ranked
by metabolic costs right what burns the
most calories assuming body weight is
equal and time is equal so if your sole
purpose is to burn fat to burn
as many calories as possible these are
the items that you want to pick right in
the top two now once again if you're
resistance training
and you don't want to impair your
recovery then you want to pick the items
down here right at the bottom three most
of my clients have them just do walking
right because it's cardio
increases blood flow speeds up recovery
and it does not interfere with their
recovery right the only downside is
because it's
all the way down here they just have to
do you know they have to spend slightly
more time on these activities in order
to
make up for the low intensity but anyway
guys hope this video helps let me know
what you want me to rank in next
tuesday's episode of top tech tuesday
see you guys in reddit alright guys
don't forget to like or share the video
subscribe and hit the bell and buy my
hsp nucleus of a little training program
it's the ultimate program for maximum
muscle growth it includes full body
workout splits bros place push-pull
home workouts you name it also comes
with a complete guide for macros
nutrition fat loss muscle growth
hormones
including a meal plan it's pretty much
all my 16 years of experience
condensed into one [ __ ] book you're
also gonna get free copies of any future
edition so visit team3d alpha.com and
you can use the forty percent off coupon
code nucleus overload or you could just
buy this [ __ ] at full price all right
guys i'm outta here
