a back squash the most effective L for
big legs back squats and front squats
yeah I'm not going to argue with that uh
the science agrees the Bro sence agrees
so yeah uh front squats if you want to
prioritize your quads uh I love front
squats and they look bad as as [ __ ] but
back squats for overall LS glutes quads
hams and also the number one for Believe
It or Not cardio that they take a lot of
oxygen out of you and also you know
acute hormonal response and all that
fancy [ __ ] all right over training is
just next next next video question will
your overtraining method once again
nuclear overload will you will nuclear
overload work with lags using squats in
A8 to2 rence for hopy hell yeah if you
can do it cuz I tried it and it's hard
it's hard and you trust me if you can do
squats every day right somehow if you
find a way to increase your water intake
your nutrition your sleep to you know um
make sure you you know you actually
recovering you will blow up within three
to four weeks I guarantee you I've seen
it my friends have seen it my Rugby
buddies football buddies you go on any
protocol that has you doing squat more
than three times a week you will blow
the [ __ ] up if if once again you
optimize your recovery but um it takes a
lot guts so go for it man in fact that's
my secret weapon whenever if I'm
desperate for size like I mean I want to
get big but if I'm desperate like [ __ ]
it I want to
grow I'm I'm I'm g go on that protocol
you know it's proven tested science and
Bro Science you know squats more than
three times a week will put some size on
you uh
next I'm 5'11 weigh 265 pounds damn some
Proby [ __ ] what is the best way for me
to lose weight I don't have any
equipment but could buy some stuff
absolutely if absolutely needed
to uh 511 25 you you Macho Man uh what
I'll do is once again number one jump
rope right that's the first thing I
recommend anybody anybody I did not see
guys I've been trying to get a sixpack
ever since I could remember and I did
not start see him I tried everything I
swm I I did bike riding I did everything
basketball for years my ABS didn't start
coming up overnight till I started doing
jump rope guys jump rope and Sprints but
jump rope was like official Sprints
helped me a lot but they're they're a
lot harder than jump roping jump roping
is the only thing that you don't have to
do more than three to five minutes every
day but yet gives you results in weeks
weeks not months weeks I I don't know a
single person who tried my jump rope
protocol thing and did not see results
which is simple you get up in the
morning first thing in the morning
before you eat pee or beat your meat go
out take your jump rope do it for three
to five minutes put some nice music to
keep you motivated three to five minutes
non-stop obviously you going to have to
stop in the beginning but three to five
minutes nonstop that's the go every
single day in three weeks you take
pictures you will not recognize yourself
I guarantee you everyone who's tried it
everyone that's I'm not really worried
about this all this fat game from you
know for my skinny fat genetics man
because the moment I want to get
shredded jump rope it saved my life
right and then you have Sprints so at
265 I won't say Sprints cuz you kind of
big jump rope bro jump rope in the
morning every single day and obviously
your diet right your diet is going to be
the most important part uh at that size
you want to be very careful with your um
with your insulin control right very
very careful with that [ __ ] so watch the
car and take uh but I need I need more
information on you for you to give you
like a detailed protocol but so far jump
rope and watch the diet bro uh
especially
carbs y Come On Son anyway so so y Han
let's let's make a video how
weers and we SP the last 10
minutes first is you have to
