another one I I'm kind of a beginner I
trained eight months and I already
gained 26 pounds of muscle do you
recommend this nucleus overload method
and if so do you
do okay from now I'm going to establish
R rules for Q&A right if you're going to
write something that's bigger than this
right knowing that there's a lot of
other people asking questions put
bullets right put question one one
sentence question two One S question
three one it's going to make it a lot
easier for me to read understand and
reply and at the same time it's going to
save time because I got to answer so
many
questions right
guys hold on Hans is texting
me all right so rephrase your question
bro I'm sorry that's too long and it's
too
fragmented uh rephrase your question
with with bullets cuz I hate skipping
questions I like helping people next a
more detailed explanation of how your
uncle made gains as you said he waited
more as a more visible same with you and
hanza how did Train E cardio it was
callback loading that's it we did
callback loading man and my my uncle
didn't want to do it for the first year
we've been doing it for a while now he
didn't want to do it you know cuz he's
very you know you know he's computer
science PhD guy you know he's very
scientific with things and at first
things didn't make sense to him until he
started seeing the results and he's like
these guys growing right in front of me
and then you know they're staying lean
he tried it like I said he put on uh so
far it's 10 pounds in only a few months
not even not even three months he put on
10 pounds already and he's Aver a more
visible now so you tell me callback
loading Works guys I'm telling you I
tried everything on this under the sun I
tried them in the fasting I tried uh uh
40 4020 I tried if facial macros oh God
that [ __ ] raped me I tried um I tried
everything you could think about I tried
the anabolic diet I tried car cycling I
tried what else I tried paleo everything
man I was I was desperate I wasted a lot
of time experimenting with all these
things and callback loading was the it
was the [ __ ] because it's a combination
of pretty much callback loading is a
combination of all the every diet has it
good and bads right call back loading
takes all the goods and puts them
together in a way that all the bats
cancel out which is so [ __ ] badass
you know and it's just based on she
wants me to read to her I'm doing Q&A
all right I'll do it later okay see what
I'm doing guys I'm [ __ ] sacrificing
baby time with my with my daughter to
answer your questions I bet like and
share my
[ __ ] uh let's see
uh I love doing this though I love doing
this you know love doing this not
getting anything out of it I [ __ ]
love
it let's see love helping people I
what's up people man if you don't if
your passion if if you can't find a way
to use your passion to H people you're
going to be a miserable human being man
because there a difference there's a
different kind of reward and motivation
you get when you do something for
yourself when you do it for other people
when you get paid and you go you buy
food and you eat yeah you happy when you
go you eat with your friends or you just
give it to a homeless guy you have a
different feeling you know there's
something about giving to other people
that that's just unbelievable you know I
tell people you know I was doing this
before YouTube started paying people and
now that YouTube is paying people
[ __ ] money I'm still doing it and if
they stop I'll still be doing it you
know [ __ ] love it you know lot of
people ask me you know what keeps you
motivated I explained to you guys not
only it's my goals and my dreams and all
that stuff just the fact that I like
somebody coming to me for questions and
I look at them and I like man they look
just like me I I mean when I was going
through that [ __ ] and I didn't have
nobody to help me out and I answer them
they go thank you they come back send me
pictures a few months later and you see
the gains I love it you know it [ __ ]
fulfills me how do how did I get off
track
adds okay
uh why does it say reclaim your throne
what does reclaiming have to do with
anything oh you must be a new subscriber
uh there's a reason why it says reclaim
your throne as opposed to claim your
throne right cuz reclaim means you had
it before and you lost it claim is the
first time but my the philosophy behind
my channel is exactly that you're not
getting it for the first time you had it
before and you lost it you know I
explain how kids when you were a kid you
were a conqueror you know kids kids had
no limitations you you wanted to fly you
wanted to do everything you know you
thought you were the [ __ ] when you were
a kid and you get older and people tell
you that having a having big Ambitions
and having a big dream is is ego is
egotistic and it's bad and whatever and
then you give up you become lazy you say
oh there's no point you let Society push
you into that that tunnel of [ __ ]
mediocracy nah you know you know that's
why I say you you lost your throne you
got to reclaim it find find your dream
again find your vision find what you
were good at you know find find your
ultimate passion and pursue that [ __ ]
that [ __ ] thr we claim you had it at one
point you just got to try to
remember uh next next next
next that's not a video question that's
not a video question thoughts on myaps
for activating satellite sales before
heavy training I have to look that up I
haven't looked it up yet who's you said
my by B fi i' never even heard of the
guy if it mentioned satellite sales I'll
definitely look it up because anybody
talks about satellite sales knows his
[ __ ] uh so I look it up
next
next picking the top five foods for each
food micronutrient category is [ __ ]
genius as is the advice will pick giving
up an addiction fantastic work me again
thank you thank you I like feedback too
I think that keeps me going who doesn't
like praise huh be honest L [ __ ] all
right I think that's it for this video
all right stay tuned for the next q& a
I'm out remember you want to answer in
the video type video question I'm out
come son anyway so so i y let's let's
make a video and show how we came out
with these insiders and we spent like
the last 10es left the first one is you
have to you have to
