hey guys what's going on Megan here the
20 most popular testosterone boosting
supplements ranked using science you
guys love to get scammed you love to buy
BS you love to buy things that are only
backed up by anecdotes and no real
evidence behind them so this Tail list
is based on the top 20 most popular most
commonly bought supplements for boosting
testosterone but the twist is we're
going to rank them by how strong the
scientific evidence is behind them right
cuz everybody has anecdote I could come
up with a supplement out of my ass tomor
and tell you oh look before and after it
works but when you put it under the
microscope when you put them on the
randomized control trials when you look
at the meta analysis when you look at
the systemic reviews when you look at
the vitro studies Vivo studies animal
studies when you combine all of the
evidence right cuz you can just look at
one or two studies right when you come
out all of the evidence including the
highest quality studies right the rcts
which ones come out on top that's where
I want you guys to focus your attention
you spend thousands and thousands of
dollars each year on things that just
don't work right and obviously my job is
to simplify things and to show you using
the parto principle what works where can
you get the biggest bang for your buck
as you guys know I hate scammers and I
hate misinformation that is why I read
so much that is why I read tens of
thousands of studies that is why I
experiment so much that is why I
accumulate so much experience I hate
misinformation and I hate scammers all
right let's start at random the aspartic
acid daa there is currently weak human
evidence that it increases testosterone
so I'm going to put that in BT so save
your money until stronger evidence
emerges next we have jinang there's also
weak human evidence so we're going to
put that in B tier next we have fidia
agress it's popularized by Andrew
huberman but for the love of God you
guys have to stop listening to people
who love to aggressively push things
that do not have strong evidence behind
them I have nothing against Andrew hub
I'm pretty sure he's a great guy but man
he spews a lot of BS sometimes Fido
aggresses only has animal evidence
behind it we do not have randomized
control trials or even clinical human
trials on fidil agestes not to mention
that we don't even know the full extent
of the side effects the appropriate dose
especially with the risk of toxicity and
things like that so FID aggresses is
going to go in CT right because we do
have animal evidence but as you guys
know you cannot always extrapolate
animal death to human data right most of
the time they're linked but best to be
patient and wait for several not just
one or two but several human trials so
that we can eventually do met analysis
of those human trials and see if it's
worth wasting your money on it next we
have honey goatweed same thing we only
have solid animal data on it we do not
have strong human evidence of honey
goeat and the few that we do have don't
even St strong effects so honey go weed
you guys are wasting your money that's
going in CER next we have Bain Bain is
actually extremely under at and keep in
mind Bain should be obtained from foods
but we do have some solid human data
showing that Bain increases the St soone
watch my videos on Bain watch my uh read
my articles and my Instagram post on it
betain actually has very strong testy
boosting effects in vitro in animals and
in humans but like I always say you
should get your nutrients from food and
not supplements for many reasons that
I'm not going to go into right now so
I'm going to put this in a tier we have
moderate moderately strong human
evidence I'm not going to put it in s
tier simply because again one or two
randomized control trials is not enough
right I need five six seven the more to
better and again for those looking for
food sources of Bain quinoa beets
spinach and wheat brand great sources of
ban and also if you eat enough choline
from eggs and beef liver your body's
going to convert that choline into Bain
anyway right so don't go out there and
start buying bechain supplements next
creatine even though creatine is one of
the most researched supplements and it
works it's also found in animal products
mainly red meat creatine is not a
testosterone booster now there's some
evidence that it can increase DHT but
I'm going to go in detail when I make my
DHD Tail list and my DHD boosting guide
but even then that evidence is weak it's
only one study and it has not been
replicated now as far as total or free
testosterone goes we do not have strong
human or even animal data strong dat is
showing that creatin increases
testosterone it might increase it
through indirect mechanisms which I
could go on and on and show you the
indirect ways in which creatine can
increase testosterone but it doesn't
have a direct effect on testosterone
production especially if you're healthy
so I'm going to put it in weak human
evidence right B tier mainly mainly
because of that DHD study and a bunch of
other studies that show it its indirect
effects on some aspects of that Androgen
status but I would not be using creatine
as a testosterone booster I would use it
instead for the physical gains and also
the underrated next we have Tribulus
that's one of the oldest test sty
boosters out there now this one is
tricky because the research is very
mixed right we have some data showing
increases in testosterone some showing
no increases at all but I got to be
objective here this one goes in B tier
right we have some weak human evidence
including animal evidence on the effects
of Tribulus right but they're not strong
especially if you're really healthy all
right next we have your testosterone
boosters right the ones that are
marketed by companies oh T boost Testa
Alpha blah blah blah [ __ ] right A
lot of them are garbage a lot of them
are trash a lot of them are underdose a
lot of them have toxic chemicals inside
toxic Metals a lot of them are
contaminated a lot of them don't even
have what they claim is supposed to be
on the label so whenever somebody sells
you a testosterone
booster most of the time look away right
and the ones that do work are literally
taking things that you should be getting
from Foods anyway like zinc and
magnesium and Bon and they're just
slaping in the bottle and charging your
$50 for it when you could literally
spend that same $50 on oysters salmon
eggs red meat and get a lot more bang
for your buck so I'm going to put them
in F tier there's zero evidence that
those marketed testosterone boosters
significantly increase testosterone
levels in man long term and the few
studies that even show that a specific
Bland of a testone booster works is
usually funded by the company itself
which is always a red flag that doesn't
mean it's useless it's just a red flag
and two like I said they're only they're
just using like zinc and then mixing it
with a bunch of BS and say oh look you
have to start someone up yes because of
the zena it's because of the Boron it's
not because of the secret Bland that
they have so fer now I know what you're
thinking you saying what mean what if
they mix the things that an A and S tier
into the supplement but again you don't
even know that it's in there because
companies lie all the freaking time even
if the company owner is honest he does
not control the manufacturing process he
does not oversee the transport of the
materials whether it's from China or
from some whatever country no supplement
owner can guarantee with a gun to his
head that a random batch of a supplement
has exactly what it says is in it so
it's not worth the risk guys oh [ __ ] I
put the wrong one it was this one all
right and that brings us to the next one
which is turone as you guys know I made
a lot of videos on edistone and turone I
was actually one of the first guys to
talk about it over 10 years ago when no
one even knew what it was before all
these scamming snake all salesman
started hopping on the train 2 three
years ago so I'd be the first to tell
you that aistone works I've been
recommended for over a decade in the
source of foods mainly quinoa and
spinach it has a lot of powerful effects
that are well researched by the way
don't let anybody tell you that thisone
does not work they they're clowns I can
make a whole video insulting and
destroying all these idiots aistone
works there's so much so much data
behind aistone my issue is the
supplements right the people who claim
that there that you should get aistone
from supplements most of these guys are
snake or sales men right I've always
since day one recommended that you got
you aistone from food for many reasons
again watch my videos onestone don't
fall for the hype don't fall for the BS
anyone who's promoting aistone or turone
supplement and overhyping it is full of
[ __ ] now as far as the testosterone
boosting effects of aistone no there's
no strong animal or human data showing
that aistone and turone increase
testosterone directly are there some
indirect effects of course almost
everything has an indirect effect on
testosterone but there's no direct
effect at least not based on the years
of research that aistone or turone
directly increase testosterone so I'm
going to put that in Ft I'm not going to
use zerone and testerone especially a
supplement to increase my testosterone
now if you were getting it from Foods
that's a whole different story because
you're also getting the other compounds
that can promote net Androgen status
next we have fog Greek that is actually
one of the most researched testosterone
boosting compounds out there it does
increase testosterone in most animal
studies vitro studies and even human
studies it does increase testone the
only downside is the mechanisms are
still not clear every study reports
different findings and a lot of studies
actually show that it can potentially
decrease DHD and you guys know over here
we do not play with DHT at Team through
the alpha it is your most powerful
Androgen I have a whole video uh watch
my guide to Hon T list where I explain
where you do not want to block DHD out
also have an article on it check it out
I'm going to make a dedicated video to
DHT when I get the time because there's
so much misinformation on DHD which I'm
not surprised right we live in a society
where everyone is trying to cancel masc
so it's not surprising that the most
masculine hormone in the entire human
body more androgenic than testosterone
is under attack but long story short I
do not recommend anything that can
decrease your DHD in expense of higher
testone levels but I got to the
objective this is based on scientific
evidence and F Greg does have a lot of
data um backing it up so I'm going to
put in a tier we have moderate human
evidence that F Greek is a good
testosterone booster but again it's
moderate right it's not really strong
and like I said it has side effects next
we have sheit right is a lot of hype
around it does it increase testosterone
does it not is it a scam well we do have
some data that [ __ ] increases
testosterone but it's mostly animal
studies we do have human studies on
trilogy but again the findings are not
strong and they're not conclusive and
even in the human studies that do report
an increase in testosterone is pretty
modest it's not a huge increase such as
the ones that I'm going to put in St
right so she legit I would say hold off
on it if you want to take it for other
reasons that's fine but if you want to
take it to maximize testosterone I will
hold off until we have more human data
so I'm going to put shy in B tier
currently we have weak human evidence we
need more studies especially more
randomized control trials next we have
coffee right caffeine coffee that is
actually one of the most underrated
testone boosters out there by far coffee
has a lot of anti-inflammatory
properties a lot of antioxidants has a
little bit of boron it increases
dopamine which obviously lowers
prolactin and increases LH and
testosterone production it is extremely
well researched we have human data
animal data and it is a shame that it's
so underrated so coffee SL caffeine
goine a tier at the very beginning
moving of a tier the only reason why
it's not high is because we don't have
enough human studies we have a lot of
human studies on caffeine coffeine and
testosterone um but we don't have enough
right I need a lot guys I need 5 6 7 8 9
10 right 2 3 4 5 randomiz control trials
that's not enough to convince me next
Maud is that a strong testone booster we
do have a lot of studies on it and most
of them do not show a strong effect on
testosterone boosting in humans so as of
right now we have weak human evidence so
it's going to go in B tier next we have
Boron you guys know it's one of my
favorite minerals I have a lot of videos
on Boron check them out we do have
studies showing boron's powerful effects
on testosterone especially free
testosterone it also has a lot of
effects on inflammation vitamin and
mineral status bone metabolism I mean
there's so many effects it lowers estrad
which is the strongest estrogen it
increases DHT Boron is one of the most
slept on most underrated minerals out
there the only downside is we we only
have a couple of human studies on ban
and testosterone we need more right so
it goes in a TI right we do have human
evidence but it is moderate next
magnesium magnesium is one of the most
important minerals in the body I have a
lot of videos of magnesium and yes we do
have human data showing magnesium
increasing testosterone especially free
testosterone levels and it does so
through many Pathways you can check out
my videos and articles on it it's going
to go in a tier mainly because we don't
have a lot of direct studies focusing on
magnesium and total testosterone and fre
only right it's usually studies that are
looking at many different things right I
need them to hone in on my magnesium and
tassone alone but we do have some human
studies showing that it has a positive
effect which is not surprising because
magnesium affects almost everything in
the body we also don't have a lot of
meta analysis on the topic because like
I said there's not a lot of RCs directly
linking the to all right next zma zma
which is zinc magnesium and makes with I
think vitamin B6 I got to double check
but zma has been along for a long time
it was actually one of the most popular
testosterone boosters years ago but the
research came back showing that most zma
supplements do not significantly boost
the St in humans so it's going to be in
B tier only and the only reason why I
see it in B is because it has zinc and
magnesium which are very powerful but
the issue is the moment you put into a
supplement and you mix it with a bunch
of stuff now you got to deal with the
Integrity of the manufacturer the
Integrity of the supplement company so
it kind of muddies the water so that's
why it's in B tier right which again
that's my main complaint against
supplements you never know what you're
getting that's why I always prefer to
get things from Foods even though
there's issues with soil quality or
whatever at least you know that there's
a higher chance of you're getting that
nutrient from Whole Foods next we have
vitamin D3 vitamin D3 actually has
strong human evidence that it increases
testosterone watch my video on sunlight
I made a whole video years ago on
sunlight and all the effects that has on
the body but I also mentioned vitamin D3
which is actually a hormone I always
have to remind people that vitamin D is
not a vitamin it is a hormone it was
called a vitamin by accident but again
Watch the video that I have on it while
I go into the details as far as its
effects on testost on they are op mainly
because there are vitamin D receptors in
almost every cell of the body including
your testes we evolve to get plenty of
sunlight so it is not surprising so
vitamin D3 goes in a tier we have
moderate human evidence the reason why
it's not high because if your vitamin D
levels are very low and you increase
them you are going to get an increase in
testosterone but it's not going to be
substantial right it's just going to put
you in that normal range if you go from
let's say 20 NR per milliliter to let's
say 70 NR per milliliter your
testosterone is not going to go from
let's say 150 NR P to 1,000 right it's
not going to work that way right so so
that's one of the reasons why I'm
putting it in a and not higher it's
mandatory for testosterone but it's not
going to put you significantly in the
upper range unless you're doing
everything right next Ash Ganda one of
the most popular testosterone boosters I
think in fact it's taken not for
testosterone a lot of people take it for
the cortisol reducing effects the
effects that it has on inflammation and
a bunch of other things but as a
testosterone booster we only have
moderate human data right and a lot of
the increases in testosterone from asag
Gunda mainly come from lowering cortisol
reducing inflammation meaning if you
healthy and you don't have high cortisol
levels and you eat a nutrient-rich diet
you're not going to see a huge increase
in testosterone from ashwag Gunda but
again to be fair we do have moderate
human evidence that it does increase
testosterone but to be fair we do have
some human data showing that it
increases testosterone my only issue is
once again they're not controlling for
many factors right is testosterone going
up because of the inflammation going
down is it because of the ctis reduction
we don't really know so we need more
human studies I'm going to put in beat
here we have weak human evidence that as
Gunda increases theone right even and
even when it does it's only about about
15 to 20% Which is significant but again
not significant enough for you to waste
your money on it especially when we
don't have a lot of clear mechanisms
established there's a lot of mechanisms
out there that are listed for what
actual going to works but a lot of them
are still in the hypothesis SL Theory
phase
next we have tonad Ali now I got to be
objective here as much as I like to bash
supplements this is the one that has a
lot a lot of research on it both on
animals in vitro in humans and almost
every study shows a positive effect on
total or even free mostly free testone
levels and a surprising finding is that
even in healthy males tonali still
increases testosterone levels right and
that's actually shocking because most
studies done on testosterone boosters
use men that have they obese or they
sedentary whatever tonad Ali works even
in men who are healthy the only issue is
once again is the sourcing problem right
you cannot rely on most of the Tona that
you get from supplement companies
because again they either underdose it
or it's mixed with toxic chemicals or
some of them don't even have tonad Al in
it not to mention you got to get the
right kind of tonad Al where did they
get it from I mean it's it's a headache
right so that's the only I'm not going
to put it higher than a tier right we
have moderate human evidence the tonali
but there's too many issues associated
with it mainly saucing issues next we
have zinc if you watch my videos you
should be familiar with zinc it is one
of the most powerful minerals in the
human body one of the most important
minerals for testosterone production and
we have Vivo studies vro studies animal
studies and a crap ton of human studies
all converging on the same finding that
zinc dramatically increases theosone
levels especially if you're deficient
and if you're getting enough zinc
obviously this it's not going to play a
big role but the problem is even the r
amount is not enough for most people
right because we eat a lot of phytic
acid which increases our zinc
requirements so zinc goes at the very
top in s tier but as always get your
zinc from oysters and red meat do not
get it from supplements because you're
going to run into saucing issues
overdosing issues and copper deficiency
issues whereas if you get them from
Whole Foods you don't have to worry
about any of that stuff last but not
least we have balanced nutrient-rich
diet such as what's listed in my videos
in my tar list and in my testas on eBook
that's going to go in s tier spend the
majority of your money on the S tier and
maybe the a tier items all right guys
hope this video helps like subscribe
support the channel by grabbing a copy
of the Tason ebook and the HSP training
ebook I'm out of here
