what's going on team 3D showing you guys
what's going on in the kitchen today
cooking a whole lot of food over here we
got some vegetables you know what I'm
saying my uncle showed me a few tricks
carrots cabbage okra um kind of like
steaming them hold on steaming them a
little bit some some seasoning make them
taste good cuz I told you guys man I I'm
tired of my [ __ ] coming out of rock haul
cuz in car back loading you got to eat
your fiber in the morning with your
veggies and then your clothes at night
but I tend to get lazy and skip the
fiber portion of the day cuz you know
like I hate vegetables and I I'm I'm
making up for it because I'm eating a
lot of protein and a lot of cough so my
dad is looking more like a hot protein
that which is bad because now as I said
tired of my ass [ __ ] bleeding so now
I asked my uncle for weight cuz he loves
vegetables he eats vegetables more than
anything else and he's bigger than a
[ __ ] and he's um showing me tips
how to make veggies taste better so try
this side guys just chop up your
favorite vegetables carrot okra cabbage
whatever um put some water on the pan in
throw them in steam them put some
seasoning and wait till the carrots get
soft or however you like it I like soft
carrots not hard carrots normal and oh I
can't believe I just said that [ __ ] over
here spinach that's from
yesterday uh I'm I'm making my goal now
to eat veggies with everything fiber
with everything uh cuz like I said I had
a tough time in the bathroom so over
here I got the chicken that me and H of
chap off the other day I'm going to make
uh probably another peanut butter sto
with this this is beef uh I'm going to
to stir fry with some mushrooms later on
I'm going to use the rest of the
mushrooms to make a probably a pea sauce
or a nro sauce or some collard greens
then this the other chicken that I had
to marinate two days ago I'm I'm going
to use that to make probably I don't
know spinach sauce and this is more
chicken marinated chicken and here I
just made a sandwich and I put some
spinach on there like I said I'm not
[ __ ] around you guys going to see
[ __ ] vegetables and everything I eat
now I'm tired of my ass bleeding what
else uh so yeah so that's what I'm
making right now this this got me a
sweet potato here cuz I I forgot that
sweet potatoes have a lot of fiber so
I'm going to use that during my um I'm
going to try to squeeze them into a
portion of the day what else what else
what else yeah I got the ginger to
marinate but yeah it's pretty much what
I'm eating right now I got back from the
gym did shoulders today and um since I
did I did Legs yesterday and that [ __ ]
killed me man lunges by the way guys I'm
going to make a video on dumbbell lunges
I used to do Bell lunges but realize if
you're trying to develop a lagging body
PSE you're trying to use it as much as
you want as much as you can and since I
have lagging traps I'm starting to
incorporate a lot of exercises that use
traps and believe it or not dumbbell
lunges kill the [ __ ] out of your traps
right now my traps are sore and all I
did was dumbbell lunges yesterday with
squats so any I'm going to make a video
on dumbbell lunges if you're not doing
it try it my ass is hurting my glutes
from the you know the stress part of the
movement and uh but anyway yeah I keep
you guys updated team 3D Alpha check out
the wisdom Channel check out the
religion Channel like like the video
help me get more views by
