hey guys going on Megan here all right
so let's take a look at this poll wow
this is actually one of the worst bowls
ever 80 of people 78 to be exact got
this question wrong
ouch again that further shows you guys
that your government once again does not
care about you and um yeah people just
want to keep lying to you guys they
could keep selling BS supplements and Bs
products but anyway so I'm gonna go over
the poll I'm gonna read the responses
read the top comments and I'm gonna
answer a lot of frequently asked
questions as I go along
and I'm also going to show you guys uh
what is the correct answer and why it's
the correct answer all right so the
question was which of these four is
scientifically proven to be the best
predictor of not only your testosterone
levels but your Androgen status for
those of you guys who don't know the
difference
um your Androgen status is pretty much
the net activity of all your androgens
such testosterone DHEA DHT specifically
um obviously in a free form
um and also through other complexes such
as G protein but anyway so it's the net
activity of all your androgens
um obviously minus your entity
intelligence right so it's not enough to
just look at your testosterone activity
you also have to look at your cortisol
activity your you know prolactin and you
know serotonin other things that intact
that antagonize uh
testosterone status so that's what
Androgen status is so you could have
high testosterone levels but you could
actually have low Androgen status for
example if a person has high
testosterone levels but they also have
super high serotonin or super high
cortisol you know or even super high
prolactin then that's going to negate a
lot of the effects of the high
testosterone levels you know what I mean
so you can just look at testosterone
levels I've been saying that year after
year after year
um you have to look at the net
unfortunately
um it's very expensive you know if you
try to measure your testosterone your
free testosterone your ssbg because
believe it or not scpg does has does
have its own functions its own receptor
it's on Androgen activities but it's a
type of a different video uh your your
uh I already said the ACA your Android
standard deal if you try to measure all
your androgens plus your Androgen
receptor sensitivity or whatever it's
going to cost over two thousand dollars
right
um
so that's the reason why most people
just opt out for a basic testosterone
chest but again that's not even giving
you the full picture
all right so let's answer this question
before we go into the comments the
correct answer is uh it's not a it's not
B it's not D it's C it's C [ __ ]
your grip strength yes as simple as it
sounds as counterintuitive as it sounds
is the single I repeat it's the single
best predictor of your testosterone
levels and your actual Androgen status
and again this is not a broad sign this
is you could look up the literature
there are tons tons tons of studies on
this the research on this has been going
back for decades
um the reason why you don't hear a lot
of people talk about it uh simply
because there's no money there's no
money to be made I told you guys things
that are free that's why my channel
focuses on things that are free things
that are accessible things that are
simple things that uh you know that can
be ex you know
they're accessible to everybody right
because
the things that work the basics don't
make money that's what people don't want
to talk about it right that's how I make
videos about water and sunlight and and
you know just the basic things nobody
talks about this why because there's no
money to be made there's no money in
telling you hey you don't need a pill
you don't need to supplement you just
need to drink more water uh you don't
need you know this fancy new thing you
just need to eat healthy no there's no
money to be made in this you know that's
why nobody talks about this and sure
enough there's no money to be made in
telling you guys that uh you're actually
overpaying for blood work and then you
could you could just measure your grip
strength and not only is going to tell
you guys uh what your testosterone
levels actually are but it's actually
going to show you guys what your overall
Androgen status is which is what
actually matters right testosterone
levels are useless if they don't buy
into the energy receptor and the other G
protein receptors on your cells just
last one that was a useless if they're
not um in a free form and even in a free
form it's useless if it once again is
being antagonized blocked by the
activity of your catabolic hormones
and your grip strength follow you know
factors all that in that's why if you
look at the literature
um especially in other nations we don't
care about ripping off their their
citizens you know especially Nations who
already pay for uh who provide Health
Care there's no incentive for them to
lie to you so let's just say that's the
truth and if you look at those Nations
you look at those studies a lot of
doctors don't even measure your blood
work they just say all right let's see
your grip strength because time and time
again in animals and humans it's been
proven to be the best predictor somebody
can show up with a thousand nanogram per
deciliter testosterone levels but if the
DHT is trash the DHEA is trash uh
they're prolactin cortisol is too high
sure enough that grip strength is going
to be trash
and vice versa somebody can have low
total testosterone levels and then you
find out that grip strength is still the
roof and when you look under the
microscope you find out that even though
they have low testosterone levels they
have very high endrogen receptor count
Androgen receptor sensitivity density
and they have very high DHT levels you
know remember one DHC molecule is
roughly equivalent to five testosterone
molecules so if you have 100 nanogram
per deciliter DHT that's the equivalent
of 500 nanogram per deciliter
testosterone roughly all right uh so
yeah grip strength is by far the single
best predictor and it's cheap it's three
you could just you know you could borrow
it from somebody else you could go to a
doctor you could go to if your gym has
it you could use your scale
um you want to they shot money for it's
less than thirty dollars to buy a
dynamometer
um again I'm not sponsored by any of
these companies that's why I don't even
show I'm you know I don't even give
Amazon affiliate links all that stuff I
want zero financial interest
um yeah and it's going to give you a lot
more information in your total T levels
but anyway so let's look at oh and for
those of you guys who want to know why
if you want to make a video about it I I
don't like making videos on things that
I've already mentioned so many times but
if you want to make a video going and
show you guys the literature the studies
the experiments that they've done also
keep in mind this is independent of
whether you train your grip stream or
not I know everyone is wondering well
what if I just train my grip stream that
already factors in because if you
overall Androgen status is low
it doesn't matter how hard you train
your grip stream you you're either not
going to make any progress or you're
going to get a very small increase in
your group stream right meaning at the
end of the day even though the progress
you make have you know muscle wise or
even strength wise has is dependent on
your Androgen status now do [ __ ]
testosterone levels your energy and
status
and again how many many studies showing
that where if you take a boy that hasn't
gone through puberty yet he could train
his grip strength all he wants he's not
going to have the same grip strength as
a person who has super high Indigent
status and has never our people has
never trained his grip Smith same thing
with women you can take a woman who has
trained her grip strength
five years
and she's gonna score lower than a 25
year old guy who you know has super high
testosterone super high hydrogen status
has never trained his forearms in his
life the reverse is also true if you
take a man who has jacked forearms you
know powerful grip strength and you
crush his testosterone levels in just
one day not too dangerous one day
sometimes even an hour you know you
could give him a drug to lower his T
levels or you could make him do an
activity that lower sea levels
drastically and then you test his grip
strength it's going to be significantly
lower in less than an hour
um so which is why once again great
strength is the best predictor because
it fluctuates as your Androgen status
changes so if your energy status goes up
grip stream goes up if you enjoy status
goes down your string goes down you know
it's like a it's a perfect
um correlation
and um and again it's not just
correlation it's also causation like I
said if you want I could make a video go
into the nerdy details and you know how
testosterone you know activates
you know not just the Androgen receptor
but also the rapid non-genomic
activities of testosterone in normal
speech
um the quick acting effects of
testosterone you know for example like
if you take Anadrol or you take a Halo
testing or any quick acting testosterone
the the the crazy increase in strength
that you get within minutes sometimes
seconds that's not that's not about the
energy it's not the you know active in
your genes it's mainly through
know increasing Castle entry you guys
remember you can't even contract your
muscles without calcium you need
acetylcholine you need calcium and uh
testosterone obviously increases calcium
entry into the cells and blah blah it
increases uh neuron firing rate again
I'm trying not to make this video to
sign you know too scientific and then
people just [ __ ] click away but if
you want a video on a nerdy scientific
details
I will uh but yeah so that's the reason
why
Groove Strife is the best predictor of
testosterone levels it factors in
everything regardless of whether you
train your grip strength or Not Another
cool thing about it is you could sleep
like trash wake up the next day test
your grip strength it would be crushed
you could drink alcohol you could do you
could eat junk food you could do
anything that crushes your testosterone
by let's say 30 or more and then you
test your grip strength and you're gonna
see a huge drop
the reverse is also true you could do
something that boosts that song you know
like watching porn without beating up or
um because obviously if you're beat off
you're gonna get like a you know
temporary Spike and for black thing
which is going to kind of bring it back
down but you can watch an attractive
woman you could look at an aggressive
clip I think I made videos about that
where they did studies uh where guys
watch you know like uh a sexy clip and
aggressive clip whatever and anything
that made a testosterone go up
right before they went to the gym gave
them a huge increase in their squad
three rep max
so yeah whether you do things that
increase tea or loyalty your groceries
will literally fluctuate instantly as
your T levels change so something I I
believe every man should have
um I try to have some of my clients use
it some of my clients use it some of
them don't
um but yeah it's a it's a very very very
powerful Tool uh guys think about it
testosterone levels will not be this low
over the years you guys know there's
been you know kilos have been plummeting
like crazy generous regeneration one of
the more one of the number one reasons
why they're that low yes of course I
already made videos about the nutrient
deficiencies and all that stuff but one
of the main reasons why Chile was keep
dropping is because men have no way of
knowing their t-levels think about it
most men have no way of knowing their
t-levels nobody can afford paying 50 to
100 per test which is useless in many
ways which I'm going to mention in a
minute
um because your T levels fluctuate so
you could do a test
this morning it'll tell you oh you were
at 500 but in an hour after that could
be 200 it could be a thousand yatila was
constantly fluctuate based on what you
eat what you do what you look at if
you're competing or just a hot chick in
the room you know so that's one reason
why looking at your T levels is almost
useless unless this context to it
uh just because utility levels were 500
last time you got tested that does not
mean they're 500 now or that doesn't
mean does not mean there were 500 before
you walked into
uh the testing facility you could walk
into a testing facility to get your tea
levels checked and it might be less than
500 before the test and then an
attractive nurse walks up to you and it
shoots up to 700 and then you get tested
and you're like oh look my two levels
are 700 no [ __ ] they're not that
temporarily went up because there was a
female there and again there are studies
showing this
but uh oh [ __ ] I went off topic again
anyway ADHD guys ADHD
but uh what was I saying before that
anyway let's look at the answers
oh yeah I was saying that that's one of
the reasons why tea levels keep dropping
is because men have no way of actually
gauging knowing what the T levels are
you know you think men could see let's
say there was a number on your forehead
I showed you T levels or your injuring
status you think a man could see it go
down down down as they would do dumb
[ __ ] like eat junk food all the time not
sleep enough and you know not train not
walking I get the steps in if men could
see that sea levels are dropping in real
time I don't think cheat levels would be
as low as they are today right one of
the reasons why they're so low is
because men just don't know they don't
know that he levels are driving until
it's too late you know which is again
another reason why everyone that I know
I tell them hey buy a dynamometer or get
one for free you know
um or use your scale use your bathroom
scale what you know any way you could
test your grip strength use it because
it's a it's like a Saiyan scouter you
know it's a constant way to um to see
your actual T levels and androgen status
in real time you know second to Second
minute to minute you carry everywhere
you go and and you see you see that I'm
not making this up you know do something
that boosts tea test your grip strap
boom goes up do something that lowest T
cat should go straight goes down
um and obviously you're not losing
muscle mass that quickly you know it's
all testosterone
um all right so let's see
strong grip strap is associated with
longer life expectancy particularly guys
getting yep and guys like I said there's
so many studies on this you can look it
up you guys know I don't talk about
anything that does not have a [ __ ] ton
of evidence behind it you know not one
or two randomly cherry-picked studies
you know a ton of evidence just look up
the crazy research on grip strength and
um testosterone
and and it's not new at all too you know
but anyway
cheated a little because I just read
your article yesterday this was a very
interesting study I'm interested to know
if you could track it along with
training your grip but if you're out
also it's one of the best signs your
grip strips one of the best sounds of
recovery status a lot of you guys should
know this by now
um so if you under recovered or you
quote unquote over train and um your
good strength will show the very next
day you know which is a sign that you
shouldn't go to the gym that day you
shouldn't instead you know
focus on recovery
um never ever ever go to the gym and
work out hard if you under recover
that's one of the worst things you could
do because you're gonna Spike all the
soul even higher and you're gonna [ __ ]
up you're free to start someone called
us a ratio
and once again how do you know if you're
underrecovered your grip strength is
going to follow uh same thing if you're
sick that's another thing if you're sick
which obviously crushes disgust nothing
crushes this last one faster than being
sick right which is why inflammation
lowers T because when you're sick
obviously inflation goes up when you say
t-levels can drop by like 90 I could
show you some studies
um and obviously estrogen goes up right
because your body needs to you know
increase inflammation but when you're
sick and your T levels get crushed try
to test your grip strength you will see
the most [ __ ] number ever right it will
drop like crazy once again even though
your muscle mass didn't change and even
though you train grips
so uh that's another bonus tip there
anyway because I read your article uh
what if your G is low
or your Android receptor activities low
um but you've been training it so yeah
but yeah so I already answered that
earlier it you know it doesn't matter if
you train your Gucci Man 50 levels of
trash uh your girlfriend would barely go
up
um and vice versa you know G levels are
high you train your group stream then
obviously you know they're gonna go
faster you're my favorite fan of YouTube
on YouTube I thought love you too bro oh
and if you look at the studies on groups
some of them are hilarious you know so
it's a predictor of so many things guys
predict uh obviously masculinity uh
aggression Fitness obviously
um
let's see basketball practice for me to
run and go man I can't believe some
people think Christians is better than
saliva what a fail comment uh he
probably doesn't know but yeah you
actually wrong buddy
um
grip strength destroys every other item
on that list I'm guessing the higher the
question the hardest to start someone
correct and again once again it's not
just the testosterone it's an androgen
status these are not the same thing
right do not confuse testosterone or
Androgen status testosterone is just one
part of the equation when it comes to
Androgen status you know what really
matters whenever you hear me guys
on my Androgen status but again if I say
Androgen status nobody would know what
the [ __ ] I'm talking about if I put
Andrew just status on the title nobody's
gonna click because people like what the
[ __ ] is this
um testosterone is useless without
energy without looking at the net big
picture it's like guys measuring
testosterone levels without looking at
overall injuring status is like uh
measuring insulin levels and say oh look
we're going to look at this person's
insulin levels and that's going to tell
us if they're absorbing glucose no [ __ ]
what if the person has Type 2 diabetes
and they just have super high insulin
that does not mean they're absorbing
glucose or a person can have low insulin
you can just look at the hormone either
plastic testosterone cortisol insulin T3
thyroid uh prolactin even
neurotransmitters dopamine serotonin you
cannot look at hormones and
neurotransmitters by themselves you have
to look at them
compared to their receptors and their
antagonists right it's it's way more
complicated than you just oh look at the
levels right dopamine you gotta look at
dopamine receptors serotonin you gotta
look at serotonin receptors
genetic polymorphisms in your dopamine
receptors can make it so that two people
both have the same amounts of dopamine
and completely different net activity
same thing with testosterone two people
can have the exact same testosterone
levels if you look at differences in the
Androgen receptors you're going to see
completely different outcomes again I
mentioned this in the in my Androgen
receptive videos you could watch it
where I'll talk about how your mother's
genetics predicts how good your muscle
genetics are going to be but again
there's tons and tons of research on
these guys you know
uh you have to look at the hormone the
neurotransmitter right
um whatever molecule you're looking at
and also it's receptor in fact the
receptor is more important than a
molecule itself guys that's also why
um if you look at you know one of those
uh you know genetic uh you know I don't
say deformities the mutations where
people don't have the Androgen receptor
they come out as women even though
they're men they're straight [ __ ] X Y
right XY boys men and they come out
looking like women even though they have
a ton of testosterone causing through
the vein why they have mutations where
the Androgen receptors inactive
completely right look up cais I can make
a video now if you want I don't know if
YouTube's gonna let me because it's kind
of you know I gotta show you a whole
[ __ ] who has like hips and boobs and
like a vagina and [ __ ] but yeah you know
once again testosterone by itself means
nothing if you look at their blood work
they have a ton of testosterone they
have the testosterone levels of men
because they have testes
but they don't have a working engineer
receptor therefore they come out as
women even though they're XY males
you know it's I'm telling you guys it's
insane you know you can't just look at
hormones you have to look at the the net
engine status you know mainly
what's happening at the reset the level
all right next 18 who avoid agreement
for you serious just imagine that's what
I actually trains grip and the dude on
Royals was never training yeah you
actually wrong my guy uh you're very
wrong
um yeah I mean you got you guys gotta
watch my videos man you guys are not all
of you but some of you are so clueless
about the human body yes even if you
train your grip strength for five years
and you take a guy who's never trained
his grip strength if you inject them
with DHT derivatives right you inject
them with Anadrol super draw masteron
um not just the issue you could even
inject them with basic testosterone
derivatives you know suspension you
could inject them with hello testing a
lot of those fast acting compounds and
you see his grip strength will go from
like 120
you know to you know through the [ __ ]
roof with zero change in hypertrophy and
zero change in uh Obviously good strong
training because you did it in one day
and again there's just many many
experiments on this
so let's see and I know I know it's kind
of intuitive because your brain takes
away what if I destroying great straight
well not score nope
you got to go through uh it depends on
your Android status you know like give
the example earlier with the with the
boy that hasn't gone to puberty yet
training is great strength and the woman
doing it blah blah blah you know
testosterone is a
is the limiting factor me again make
more videos about food you have to make
so many videos on food but I'll keep
going
uh I have a good grip on my fingers and
uh grip strength yes sir
just curious don't blood test only show
how much testosterone you have at the
time you said correct there you go there
you go correct blood tests only show you
the testosterone you have at the time of
the blood test
um you could drive on the way home and
then it would be completely different
after that that's why it's so
insignificant to just you know again
that doesn't mean testosterone tests are
useless because sometimes you do want to
see you know just what your level what
your testosterone levels are in that
snapshot of time but that's all that
tells you it just tells you there goes
your T levels as of right now that's not
your T levels five hours ago
20 minutes ago or 20 minutes from now
and a lot of companies don't want you to
notice because they want you to keep
paying a hundred dollars for [ __ ]
testosterone blood work right which
blows my mind by the way think about it
t level is a going down the drain and
testosterone is the is at the foundation
of male health I mean insulin
sensitivity
cognitive function all the guys there's
at least 50 illnesses and diseases that
testosterone fixes right nobody go to
device by the way
um and I could show you guys the studies
at least 50 right it is so important for
me just have something so important
people forget that women have
multitasking and estrogen right it's
just that man have montessor females
have to start someone but the
testosterone fixes so many illnesses is
that the Cornerstone of male health and
female Health too but yet you have to
pay like a hundred to two thousand
dollars to know either your testosterone
levels or your Androgen status
you see you see what I mean when I tell
you guys that your government wants you
sick and weak because that's where the
money comes in right big farmer
meanwhile can you imagine if you have
diabetes and you want to test your blood
sugar and you have to pay like a hundred
dollars right
oh if you want to test your blood sugar
cheap you want to test your blood
pressure cheap you want to test your
testosterone which is at the Cornerstone
of blood pressure and diabetes and and
all of these other illnesses oh you're
gonna have to pay at least a hundred
dollars and we're only going to give you
what that current snapshot is
right the system is [ __ ] guys the
system is against men uh when your girl
got that gorilla
[Laughter]
oh god
um strong weight might be on any gooder
for people who are on train but I can't
have a strong ingredients someone with
high tea than me but nope again I know
it sounds it sounds true but it's
actually false and like I said I I
didn't come up with this you know you
look up the studies and you could do
experiments yourself
obviously this is a Natty Channel I
don't want you guys to hop on Royce but
you know there are many experiments
where you just take a person uh you just
inject voice boom ghost run goes to the
roof before any increases in muscle
growth or anything else
a lot of you guys don't even know how
this system works it blows my mind the
most important molecule in your [ __ ]
body you don't know how it works just a
good but not always 100 accurate there
you go there you go real [ __ ]
know yeah especially if you're on the
Disco yeah this is stuff that that you
know we talk about all the time
none of this is new um none of these
options are correct after the ratio of
TD fat
oh man what good is it level on paper if
you could respect if it's garbage there
you go there you go there you go you
know
uh let's see chess hit
density
oh you guys were trying to make the
video on the ethnic groups with the
highest Androgen status not just
testosterone levels you'd be surprised
um
let's see fat boys are the best good
shrimp is the secret hunt uh but one is
yeah I know Broan is down in kilometer
I've been harassing them about that for
years and they refuse to add it because
you know
they uh anyway I don't I don't want to
go off topic
but uh yeah yeah you know guys find ways
to test your good shrimp throughout the
day like I said it's free you could just
borrow it from somebody somebody has a
dynamometer at your gym or you know you
know medical facility college campus you
know they're very easy to come across if
you know where to look or if you want
your own again like this lesson you
shouldn't pay more than thirty dollars
for one and it's Gonna Last you a
lifetime anyway so uh worth the
investment and once again I am not
sponsored by any of these dynamometer
companies in fact I refuse to even give
up you know the link of the one that I
use because people are going to be like
oh you're just trying to make some money
if I wanted to make money I would I
would post an Amazon link you know on
affiliate link which I won't because
that goes against the
uh the rules on my channel meaning
anything that I sell must be accessible
for free including my book you know um
but anyway guys I hope this helps if you
have uh more questions go to the Discord
and post them
um what else what else uh if you want to
support the channel again buy the book
if you can't afford a book or you don't
want to support the channel again all
the information in the book is available
uh for free in the Discord and the
Reddit in my old videos you know
um articles
and um yeah you know join the Discord
don't forget to vote on all the other
polls because I'm going to be doing a
lot more of these videos where I look at
the results and I answer
frequently asked questions and I read
the top comments alright guys dominate
your day
all right guys don't forget to like or
share the video subscribe and hit the
bell and by my HSB nucleus of a little
training program she ultimate program
for maximum muscle growth it includes
full body workout splits bro splits Push
Pull home workouts you name it also
comes with a complete guide for macros
nutrition fat loss monster growth
hormones including a meal plan it's
pretty much all my 16 years of
experience condensed into one [ __ ]
book you're also gonna get free copies
of any future Edition so visit
team3dalpha.com and you can use the 40
off coupon code nucleus overload or you
could just buy the share full price all
right guys I'm out of here
