the real de is the my my favorite part
of the shoulders guys out of the three
heads it is my favorite part and I
believe it's the most important part cuz
it completes that 3D look you really got
to hit it hard but most people feel find
it very hard to feel the real does
working so try this side guys grab very
light DB this is only 10 in my hand lay
down on the on the inkline thing as I'm
doing here and do like five reps right
and on the fifth one hold it up for like
3 to 5 seconds and keep doing that for
up to a minute right don't count W just
keep going just going for 40 seconds to
a minute like I always say until you get
a lot of blood in there you'll be amazed
at how your your real does feel the next
day even while you doing it this my this
was my first set and they were pump in
the [ __ ] try it out guys great
exercise great technique for real dos
I'm
out
