sex rules the goddamn world why do you
think male lions fight each other for
territory why territory gives you
why do buffaloes fight during mating
season the winner usually claps the most
buffalo cheeks while the gorillas fight
once again the winner is the one that
has to hire him with all the females why
do eagles fight same thing for territory
you have territory you have food you
have food you have better access to
females even [ __ ] ass bugs why do
insects fight why do beetles fight look
he's tossing that [ __ ] in the air just
to be able to clap some beetle cheeks
elephants the winner is the one that has
access to the females muskox even
kangaroos same thing look he's kicking
the [ __ ] out of this [ __ ] why again the
winner gets to have sex there and humans
are not any different almost every
single thing we do is driven by our
genetic desire to have sex rights sex
and why why why sex so important simple
to pass on your dreams to the next
generation if you do not have sex if
you're not driven to have sex you don't
pass on your genes so your line ends
