overwhelmingly women first look for
security status and then
hey what's going on megan here alright
so today is saturday so we're gonna
focus on questions
about dating getting girls treat
clapping you name it right sex talk
saturday so we're going to look at
dating and cheat clapping questions and
let's start with the first one all right
what's your opinion on the black pail oh
god i actually need to make a dedicated
video to this [ __ ] um because again
don't get me wrong there is some truth
to it but a lot of it is bs in fact most
of it is bs but anyway i'm not gonna
read this whole thing you guys can pause
the video and read but pretty much i'll
read the first part the black pill is a
theory that your genetics are the most
important thing for attracting women and
your success in the cheat clapping
department to me it makes a lot of sense
because women are the piggier sex which
is true uh things like your confidence
and charisma is said to not matter if
your genetics aren't way above average
as women are only interested in mating
with genetically superior men it
happened a lot in the past and this
behavior happens in other animals only
the alpha males make but anyway um
so i already responded to it so i
suggest you guys go um
and check my response here but
uh i'm gonna break down the response
right so but pretty much i put i can't
wait until i find time to address this
in an actual vid like i said i'm gonna
make a dedicated video to this but most
of the black pill nonsense is pure bs
right and it is for this main reason
again i'm still reading women care more
about security which is financial
security and physical security and
social status than they do about looks
i've been telling you guys women care
about three main things in this specific
order number one is security
number two is status and number three is
sexiness right so your luxury genetics
whatever in that order and this is
backed up by not only a ton of research
but also anecdotes and my own goddamn
experience right and you can go all
around the world you can go in africa
you can go in asia you can go in europe
america anywhere you go you can you can
look at hunter-gatherer tribes you can
look at agricultural societies they all
follow the same pattern all the
exceptions to the rule of course but
again we don't focus on exceptions we
focus on what works for most people and
most of the time overwhelmingly women
first look for security status and then
sexiness
in that order and this is subconscious
thing they don't go out of their way and
actually plan it's the subconscious
thing is through
it's through tens of thousands of years
of evolution remember guys we live in a
modern day you know you know modern
times but our brain is still adapted to
living as hunters and gatherers
right homo sapiens are only about 300
000 years old and if you want to go even
further than that technically we've been
around for millions of years right
you're going to go back to home erectors
as far back as possible it's the same
pattern women had to first look for
security that's the first thing they
look for because think about it right a
woman is the most vulnerable when she's
pregnant right the thing about she has
to carry a baby for nine months which
reduces her ability to hunt reduces her
ability to run or fight predators right
after the baby's born holy [ __ ] now it's
even worse because now the son of a
[ __ ] is crying all night crying all day
attracting predators attracting enemies
right makes it very hard for her to move
around because she has to watch the kid
constantly she pushed the kid down a
snake can snap his [ __ ] up or an eagle
can fly out of nowhere and pick it up so
when a woman has a kid
for the next at least three years of her
life
her ability to protect herself her
ability to run from predators her
ability to fight
drastically goes down because she's so
she's attached to the kid she has to
breastfeed she has to
watch over it overnight right so
for women to survive one day they have
to be surrounded by a bunch of other
women or they have to have a strong male
around or a group of men to provide
security that is why to this day their
brain is still wired that way so no
women don't look for looks first the
reason why they look for looks on tinder
and stuff like that is because it's the
only thing they could [ __ ] see use
your looks
but a woman but when a woman has to
choose between someone who has resources
right so in in the modern day uh money
uh house uh safety a job whatever if she
has to pick between that or good looks
most of the time she'll pick the
security first the good looks is a bonus
right and after the security thing is
out of the way then they look for the
next thing which is social status
because a guy can have a you know a lot
of financial security can be able to
provide physical security but if he's
low in status he can lose that [ __ ]
overnight right again look back to the
hunter-gatherer days and when we were
living in
agricultural society same thing right if
you have a lot of resources but you low
in social status somebody can just come
up and take your [ __ ] right so what's
the point i'm also if you're at the
bottom of this social hierarchy you're
more likely to be abandoned by the tribe
especially if you're sick if you're sick
if you have a contagious disease and
you're at the bottom of the totem pole
the trap is going to move on and i'm
like sorry deuces you know you're not
going to kill the rest of us whereas if
you hire on a
social ladder not only your chance of
survival is higher if you're sick but
your chance of abandonment is also lower
so that's why women scan for social
status and again that doesn't mean you
got to be number one you don't have you
don't have to be elon musk brad paid or
whatever no you just have to be high
enough in status i call it relative
status right high enough in status
within your group within your uh your
job whatever right i would give the
example if you're a garbage collector
then uh be at the top of the garbage
collectors right if you work as a i
don't know
[ __ ] uh overnight stalker at walmart
or some [ __ ] as long as you're not at
the bottom of the hierarchy right so
they look for for relative status
meaning within your city within your
group within your high school within
your college within your band it doesn't
matter what the [ __ ] it is
as long as you're not at the bottom you
get a bonus and lastly
they look for sexiness which is genetics
your looks your height your face your
your
uh your muscle mass all that stuff
people think that looks is what women
look for first
wrong
they only look for looks when they do
not have other proxies to
estimate the first two which is your
ability to provide security and status
and trust me if women only look for
looks other leaders like myself will not
have clap that many tricks in our
lifetime and it's not just me i could
show you guys
who are ugly as [ __ ] especially when i
was growing up even all the way into my
20s who were clapping cheeks like crazy
why because they were able to
overcompensate in the other areas you
know in the security part or the status
board i mean i have so many stories if i
have a time i can make videos and tell
you guys stories of
friends who are just really really good
at basketball or really good at sports
or really good at something and we're
clapping
way more cheek than the handsome
brothers mainly because they were higher
in status right an extreme example is
jay-z and beyonce you think bianca's
with jay-z because of his [ __ ] looks
like come on guys all right i can show
you so many badass ugly celebrities who
are clapping
a ridiculous amount of g because they
have security and status even though
they suck at the sexiness part right
which is also why women would pick a
quote-unquote unattractive rich or
popular guy
over a very handsome tall
homeless man think about it the homeless
man has the looks the sexiness but he
lacks on the other two so you have to
understand that the reason why women
have evolved to even look for genetics
in the first place half of it is because
obviously they want to pass on good
genes to their son or to their daughter
to the kid
but mainly because back then sexiness
good looks was a proxy was a way to
measure a man's ability to provide
security
and status think about it back in the
days for you to be tall handsome
symmetrical
have a good immune system all that stuff
right you have to have resources once
again security right financial security
you had to have resources you had to
have uh you have to be part of a good
tribe that was successful at hunting
successful at farming whatever the [ __ ]
your that society uh
value right and obviously you have to be
high enough for status you have to be
healthy you have to be clean and all and
stuff right so the reason why they look
at
looks is mainly because that's a proxy
for security and status you see it in
poor countries where when men don't have
resources when men are low in status
what happens they're shorter they're
they have more mute uh they have more
negative mutations right they're a lot
more unattractive whereas in societies
where men have a lot of resources
um or are higher in status they tend to
be taller and better looking right so
women look at looks because that's how
they estimate security and status and
let's say subconscious they don't think
about it when they donate it's a
subconscious thing right so anyway so
like i say here in fact the reason women
have even looked uh sorry the reason
women have even evolved to scan for good
looks in the first place is because back
in the days that was the best the best
proxy for a man's ability to provide
security ability to acquire and protect
resources and status in short back then
a tall strong symmetrical male was
usually a sign that he was a good hunter
and or was high enough in social status
we see this in countries all around the
world even in hunter-gatherer tribes to
this day parentheses
women because in those places women
choosing unattractive guys over
attracted guys mainly because the ugly
guy has a ton of money or is extremely
popular right we see this all around the
world guys that's why there are many
ugly but famous rich dudes who clap
cheeks and many good looking men who
have a hard time keeping girlfriends
guys i have so many friends and again
keep in mind my promiscuous days ended
when i was 23 because when my daughter
was born and i had to settle down but
prior to that i lost my virginity pretty
late around 16. um where i grew up trust
me that was [ __ ] late as [ __ ] and the
reason why i was so late because once
again i was skinny i was broke i was an
immigrant right remember back then that
was before black panther guys if you
were african back then you were not
getting no ass everybody was making fun
of you i barely spoke english until i
turned 13 12 that's when i really
mastered the language so it was hard for
me to get started but once i went up in
status and for me i got lucky i ended up
being really good at basketball but i
was also good at many other things that
helped increase my status again it
wasn't super high but it was high enough
to clap endless [ __ ] cheeks and i was
clapping more cheeks than my friends who
look better than me remember i was
always a short ugly guy five seven five
eight on a good day most of my friends
were five nine five ten i was always
broke at the time i used to work at
walmart and kroger and you know all
these things but what i had going for me
was i was never at the bottom of a
social hierarchy i was never super low
in status right girls like social guys
girls like actuary guys girls like guys
who have a lot of friends and who
who are good communicators and who are
assertive so that's what allowed me to
be cheat clapping number one at the time
whereas i have friends who were
extremely good-looking extremely tall
but they were too introverted they were
too shy they were afraid to communicate
they were low in social status believe
it or not and they could go a whole year
without clapping drinks so it's not all
about looks guys but anyway but i put
here um don't get me wrong looks matter
but not as much as status and ability to
provide financial and physical security
right so if you're short or ugly meaning
you fell on the sex and it's part of the
excesses model i call it the triple s
model there's still hope you just have
to overcompensate by becoming really
good at the security and status bar so
conclusion
uh you can read the rest of my responses
down here um but conclusion guys
it's not all about looks lux plays a big
role obviously if you're dating online
yeah the only thing the [ __ ] can't see
is your [ __ ] face and how you look so
of course that's what she's gonna rank
but if you go out there in the world if
you go out there and compete you go out
there and make friends and hang out and
you know most girls that you're going to
meet are not going to be online anyway
this generation you guys are so lost
like trying to meet everybody online go
out there go play sports go join a club
join an organization you know um women
are found out there right usually
friends of friends or you know people
that you meet through uh you know
through your family or through
acquaintances right you gotta be social
you guys are stuck in your goddamn phone
all day thinking everything happens
online right if you plan the online game
you're going to lose because online the
women are only going to look for how you
look because that's the only thing they
can see
it's very hard to see your other good
qualities on tinder or bumble whatever
the [ __ ] you guys using nowadays right
so [ __ ] this black belt nonsense uh that
and keep in mind you guys it's just like
the whole nofap seeming retention
[ __ ] you guys love to get advice
from people who get no ass right the
black belt movement is a bunch of
none cheat clapping [ __ ] trying
to give you guys advice on treat
clapping just like the whole scene
rejection no fat [ __ ]
bunch of guys we get no ass we get no
[ __ ] trying to tell you how to get
[ __ ] right
don't even get me started on no fabulous
attention i'm gonna destroy that thing
over the next few weeks but anyway guys
uh
hope this helps read the rest of my
responses uh if there's more time i
might do a part two today i might do a
part two where
i go over my responses to some of the
questions that you had anyway guys hope
this helps post your next questions on
the reddit make sure you read the rules
before posting first and then i'll look
through the questions and
pick the best ones to make videos on all
right all right guys don't forget to
like or share the video subscribe and
hit the bell and buy my hsp nucleus of a
little training program see ultimate
program for maximum muscle growth it
includes full body workout splits bro
splits push-pull
home workouts you name it also comes
with a complete guide for macros
nutrition fat loss muscle growth
hormones including a meal plan
it's pretty much all my 16 years of
experience
condensed into one [ __ ] book you're
also gonna get free copies of any future
edition so visit team3dalpha.com
and you can use the forty percent off
coupon code nucleus overload or you
could just buy this [ __ ] at full price
all right guys i'm outta here
