if you answer no to any of these five
questions you are not building muscle at
an optimal rate
hey guys going on megan here are you
building muscle right now this very
second as you're watching the video are
you maximally building muscle that's a
million-dollar question guys it's a
question everybody wants to know i
always said if someone wants to be a
billionaire come up with a technology
that allows people to figure out if
they're actually building muscle at a
high enough rate at a maximal rate right
this second obviously we have the
technology but it's very expensive you
have to be part of a study you have to
go into the lab and have to
use one of many different methods to
measure the rate of protein synthesis
but can you imagine if it was available
to the public where anyone during any
time of the day can just get up
do a quick test and in less than 30
seconds figure out exactly what their
rate of muscle protein synthesis is that
would be amazing because at the end of
the day
building muscle is simple guys
is your rate of myofibular protein
synthesis higher than your rate of
myofibrillar protein breakdown simple
right i hate when it's over complicated
i hate the [ __ ] that the fitness
industry keeps spewing
time and time again in order to either
get you to buy new [ __ ] get you to buy
new supplements or get you to keep
coming back
some of the questions i get on the
reddit blow my mind right you could tell
that people are confused the program
happened because they have no idea what
really works so once again that's the
purpose of this channel i simplify [ __ ]
i'll show you guys the science the pro
science the anecdotes i bring it all
together and i simplify it so once again
back to the basics
keeping it simple if you answer no to
any of these five questions
you are not building muscle at an
optimal rate at a maximum rate it's that
simple you might be building some muscle
in fact to be technical we are always
building muscle right the body's
constantly moving between proteins as
you said protein breakdown so to be
technical even a person who doesn't live
is building muscle the reason why they
don't change is because the rate of
protein sentences and protein breakdown
are roughly equal right so we're talking
about maximizing muscle protein
synthesis and the two things that decide
that again keeping it as simple as
possible the two things that decide if
you're building muscle right now
obviously at a maximum rate is your gene
activation status and your nutrient
status it's literally that simple guys
if we go in your muscles we pull out
your muscle fibers and we look under the
microscope those two things are all we
need in order to know if you're building
muscle or not the gene activation status
of the cell
and the nutrient status of the cell
right gene activation as in are your
anabolic genes up regulated so androgen
receptors serum response factor igf-1 m2
p70 s6k your myogenic genes satellite
cell you name it right the degree of
activation of your anabolic genes and
the degree of activation of your
catabolic genes obviously you want your
antibiotic genes upregulated and your
catabolic gene is down regulated so
that's myostatin the glucocorticoid
receptor foxo you name it the goal of
building muscle is up regulate number
one and down regulate number two if this
is upregulated protein chances will be
up and if this is down regulated protein
breakdown will be lower the result
you're gonna have a net increase in
myofibrillar protein synthesis we can
talk about mixed protein sentences and
all the other stuff but for now let's
focus on what really matters contractile
tissue so myofibrillar protein systems
the second thing again your nutrient
status right for your cell to build
muscle obviously your body needs the
amino acids rather than protein but it's
really good the amino acids including
the essential ones the ones that your
body has to get from your diet obviously
water again once again muscle 70 water
and almost every pathway in your body
every anabolic powerful in your body
practically shuts down without water
which is another reason why you can go
weeks and months without food but only a
few days without water next vitamins and
minerals once again your body cannot
build muscle if it's missing the
building blocks everyone talks about
protein and carbs and water no one
realizes the importance of vitamins and
minerals why do you think when you eat
steak it's full of zinc and iron and
lemon melon and stuff because your body
needs those nutrients to actually make
the protein to actually make the muscle
if you're deficient in your
micronutrients the rate of protein
synthesis goes down it's like building a
house and being short on breaks or
whatever right you're not going to build
the house faster next is fat and again
i'm referring to essential fat healthy
fats omega-3s for the cell membrane and
obviously atp right calories calls
whatever right energy your body cannot
do any of these processes without atp
that's just basic biochemistry so every
single question you have about fitness
every question you have about building
muscle every question you have about
exercise selection and blah blah blah
boil it down to this guys how does it
affect gene activation how does it
affect the nutrient status of the cell i
repeat how does it affect gene
activation status and how does it affect
the nutrient status of the cell right
you guys have millions of questions on
the reddit millions of questions on
youtube that can easily be answered by
yourself without buying a program
without buying a supplement if you
understand this vegan what exercise
should i do how does it affect gene
activation status how does it affect
nutrient status vegan should i eat this
or should i eat that how does it affect
this how does it affect that all right
so let's start with number one
to know if you are building muscle right
now as you're watching this video did
you eat a high protein meal again high
quality protein in the last three to
five hours if you haven't no you are not
maximizing the rate of myofibular
protein synthesis if you have not eaten
a high protein in the last three to four
hours right and that's simply because
the spike in myofibrillar protein
sentences that happens after you eat
peaks around the two to three hour mark
depending on the source of protein
obviously if it's fast digesting like
whey protein it's gonna pick like around
the two hour mark because it's gonna
take about an hour for your body to
digest it right but after the two hour
mark it's heading back towards baseline
it doesn't have to go completely to
baseline but it's no longer at its peak
right so even with the fastest digesting
protein sauce which is whey protein
about a two hour mark the rate of
myofibular protein sentences is no
longer maximum right so bodybuilders
were not [ __ ] crazy when they eat
every three hours right that's i keep
telling you guys the science eventually
catches up to the bro signs not all the
time but most of the time right so ask
yourself did i eat a high protein meal a
high high quality protein meal in the
last three to five hours the answer is
no
then no you may be building some muscle
but you are not building muscle at the
maximum rate and that's what we care
about right we don't just care about
building muscle guys we want to build
muscle fast no one wants to wait 30
[ __ ] years to add an inch to the
bicep right that's why i hate when
people's like oh well you can still
build muscle if you do this yeah but can
you build muscle to maximum right that's
like saying oh you could walk to canada
what the [ __ ] wants to walk to canada i
rather take the goddamn plane
right so this channel is not about just
building muscle it's about building
muscle as fast as possible naturally of
course number two did i drink enough
water in the last one or eight hours and
i'm using one or eight hours because
it's it depends on so many factors guys
how hot is it how much you sweat how
many electrolytes anybody blah blah blah
right but long story short are you
hydrate notice how the gym is not even
here yet i didn't mention the gym yet
because you guys have it backwards
everyone thinks that gym is the most
important part of building muscle wrong
if you don't have enough protein enough
amino acids in your blood if your cells
are not hydrated enough you cannot
maximize the muscle protein synthesis
response in fact training actually
breaks down muscle you lose muscle while
you're at the gym it's only when you
leave the gym and you rehydrate yourself
and eat amino acids and get enough carbs
and enough healthy fats whatever that
the rate of protein synthesis surpasses
the rate of protein right there
but most people think that the muscle is
actually built in the gym no training is
just a stimulus to enhance
the mps response i'm gonna make a whole
separate video just on that topic alone
because you'll be amazed at how many
people think that the muscle building
actually takes place in the gym
130 percent wrong the muscle is being
built when you're outside of dream but
anyway are you hydrated guys watch my
whole video on what i made an entire
video just for the importance of water
the most one of the most underrated
thing in the fitness community everyone
wants to push out a new hot supplement
while 90 of your [ __ ] are
dehydrated the moment the cell senses
that it is no longer hydrated catabolic
genes are turned on and anabolic genes
are turned off watch my video on the
pump read the studies on cellular
hydration and protein synthesis the
research is clear on that guys you
cannot continue to be dehydrated and
wonder why your muscles are not growing
it's not optional it's mandatory and for
most of you [ __ ] by the time
you're thirsty you're probably mildly
dehydrated because a lot of people don't
have an optimal third sensation right
some people by the time they're thirsty
it's way too late and believe it or not
some people don't even feel thirst
until they pees like [ __ ] orange so
do not wait on thirst
to remind you to drink water so second
question are you fully hydrated if not
go drink some water you are not building
muscle at a maximal rate
if anything you are turning on your
catabolic genes number three did i eat
all of my key vitamins minerals and k
micronutrients
in the last 24 hours once again that
brings us back to nutrient status if the
cell does not have the building blocks
that he needs not just protein not just
essential fats vitamins and minerals
zinc magnesium selenium iron b vitamins
copper vitamin d you name it if your
body does not have the building blocks
to build muscle how the [ __ ] can you
expect muscle protein sentences to be
maximized this is going to affect
nutrient status of the cell and it's
going to affect the gene activation
status of the cell simply because a lot
of the key nutrients a lot of key
vitamins and minerals have interactions
with both the anabolic genes and the
catabolic genes number four did you
sleep at least
seven to eight hours in the last 24
hours once again watch my whole video on
sleep i made so many of them but watch
the long one where i go into all the
details and all the research on that
stuff guys
my clients will tell you i will harass
you if you do not get at least
seven or eight hours ideally nine or ten
on any given day right and this is for
the average person right the average
person needs at least seven or eight
hours of sleep how much more a person
who trains who works out high frequency
high volume full body upper lower you
name it right you guys need more sleep
even athletes most researchers and
athletes show that most athletes do not
even get enough sleep and once again how
does that affect the muscle growth
response first it affects the gene
activation status right because lack of
sleep upregulates myostatin up regulates
cortisol up regulates foxal and also
lack of sleep down regulation anabolic
genes the second way it affects this
pathway is indirectly through your
nutrient status right because most
people that don't sleep enough you guys
already know they have issues with
motivation and discipline because your
prefrontal cortex is not active enough
to restrain your make delay and restrain
your impulses blah blah blah when i go
into the neuroscience realm long story
short people that don't get enough sleep
usually suffer with discipline suffer
with consistency and eventually they
skip meals or they overeat and they [ __ ]
up the nutrient status of themselves and
finally last but not least once one two
three and four done if you answered yes
to all of these questions now ask
yourself did i train the muscle in the
last 24 to 48 hours what do i mean by
train obviously did you recruit your
high threshold motor units and did you
exhaust them so three to five sets of
five to thirty reps with an rp of about
seven or ten the rp's look is lower than
seven then chances are you're not close
enough to failure so you're not
recruiting your high threshold motor
units and obviously if the rp is 10 i
don't really recommend 10 up bf10 unless
you're doing like satellite rules or
calf raises something that's not really
fatiguing um but if you're doing up here
10 for like a large muscle group you're
going to be so [ __ ] tired and so
under recovered it's going to be hard
for you to train frequently so ideally
eight to nine is the sweet spot but
anyway three to five sets five to 30
reps same reason if you're doing less
than five reps then it's too heavy for
you to get enough volume in so you have
to do a lot more sets to get enough
effective reps in and if it's more than
30 reps chances are the burn is so
intense that you probably stopping way
short of failure right so somewhere in
the middle
did you do three to five sets
of five to thirty reps with an rp of
somewhere between seven and ten
right in the last 24 to 48 hours if it's
been more than two days since you hit
that muscle the muscle's not [ __ ]
gross right it's growing a little bit
but not at the maximum rate and once
again you guys know the science is clear
on that every study done on the time
cost of muscle protein sentences shows
you that the peak happens
in less than 24 hours and if you've been
training for a long time then it's way
less than 24 hours right now your
attendance might take longer to recover
right if you did way too much volume the
day before then you might need more more
time for your central nervous system or
if you created too much muscle damage
that might take a long time to go back
to break even but as far as muscle
itself goes
within 24 to 48 hours the muscle protein
sensitive response is back down so look
at your chest right now look at your leg
when is the last time you train it has
it been more than if you're a beginner
then then that's fine you can train it
every two three days whatever you've
been training for more than a few years
or more than a year that spike in muscle
protein sentences that you get that
window is back down the baseline is back
down towards baseline if it's been more
than a day so if you answered no to this
question no your muscle is not growing
at a maximum rate or the other
alternative is are you taking pds right
and i put more than 150 milligrams of
tests some people need more some people
need less depending on how sensitive
your engine receptors are or your sex
hormone body and globulin content or
your genetic polymorphism blah blah blah
but you get the point if you're getting
more than 100 to 150 milligrams of test
per week after you factor out the weight
of the ester chances are your rate of
protein synthesis is higher than the
average person probably not gonna be
maximal but it's definitely high right
because remember guys the average person
is lucky to make 10 milligrams of tests
a day most people make somewhere in the
middle between three and ten milligrams
of testosterone a day so somewhere
around six to seven milligrams of test
so if you're getting 150 milligrams of
test inject that into your system then
you're making way more than that just
divided by seven after you move the est
away and yes you can build muscle if
you're on high doses of steroids
including tlts because for some reason a
bunch of clowns are making they seem
like tlts and steroids [ __ ]
testosterone guys but anyway if you're
high
high amounts of testosterone high
amounts of pds yes you can build muscle
even while sitting in your ass the
literature on that is [ __ ] clear
right in fact that's the reason why
steroids were invented in the first
place steroids were not invented for
bodybuilders they were invented for icu
patients who were stuck in bed and
couldn't move burn victim cancer
patients hiv patients who were just
wasting away these are the people that
stars were invented for so steroids make
you grow even if you don't do anything
so don't let nobody tell you otherwise
obviously if you train then obviously
the response is even higher but anyway
guys conclusion how to know if you're
building muscle this very second at any
time on the day ask yourself these five
questions in that order did you eat a
high quality protein meal in the last 35
hours yes did you drink enough water are
you fully hydrated yes did you eat all
your key vitamins and micronutrients yes
did you sleep at least seven to eight
hours in the last 24 hours yes and
lastly did you train that muscle with
obviously high enough volume high enough
effort in the last one or two days
depending on how long you've been
training or are you on massive doses of
steroids if you answered yes to these
questions then the answer is yes the
muscle is
most likely growing at a maximum rate
but if the answer to any of these five
questions is no then you are not
building muscle at a maximal rate it's
that simple anyway guys i still hope the
video helps you in the comments section
and don't forget to join the reddit
where we have most of these
conversations all right guys don't
forget to like or share the video
subscribe and hit the bell and buy my
hsp nucleus of a little training program
it's the ultimate program for maximum
muscle growth it includes full body
workout splits bro splits push-pull home
workouts you name it also comes with a
complete guide for macros nutrition fat
loss muscle growth hormones including a
meal plan it's pretty much all my 16
years of experience
condensed into one [ __ ] book you're
also going to get free copies of any
future edition so visit team3d alpha.com
and you can use the 40 percent off
coupon code nucleus overload or you
could just buy this [ __ ] at full price
all right guys i'm outta here
