hey guys what's going on Megan here back
in business why you looking at me just
make my dreams come true oh I missed
that man I miss you guys man glad to be
back anyway on my way to work uh quick
video on why subtraction always adds
more than addition when it comes to life
right in the mathematics of Life foret
what you learn in school the school that
t you that in order to get more you got
to add in life I've learned through the
times and Through the Ages that
subtraction often times adds more than
subtract you know than then addition
excuse me and I give you the example
last time of the py I'm going to put a
picture of py on the screen right with
the the slices of pizza whatever um your
life see the circle as 100% of you right
it's 100% 100% of you uh before you you
split it up it's just a circle 100% of
your energy 100% of your focus 100% of
your mental strength and capacity right
the moment you begin you set a goal
assuming you have nothing else to do no
other goal set you have 100% of your
energy your life force everything else
directed towards that goal so you're
more than likely to achieve it fast
efficiently because you can focus on it
right you know like I said a champion
should only focus on one thing ton of
vision right you can't be Master at one
thing if you expect to be great at
everything else right so when you're
doing one thing you have one goal so
100% of you is being you know directed
towards that thing the moment you said a
second goal right people are wondering
why I always say the reason why you
failed Wednesday's goal is because of
the goal you set on Thursday right why
do I always say that because when you at
a second goal check what happens look at
that pie chart right you set a second
goal what happens it gets split in half
now it's no longer 100% of you towards
whatever the first goal was it's 50/50
right or depending on how much energy
you put in is she could be 8020 7030
60 40 whatever right but you're not
going to have 100% of you uh uh at
either one at the same time even if you
say well I'm going to do one at a time
and then go to the other one if you're
doing them in the same time period you
still being divided because of the
opportunity cost whenever you switch to
the other goal that's time and energy
you could have put into the first one
you know what I'm saying when you add a
third goal a fourth goal the fifth one
the sixth one now what ends up happening
you have these little [ __ ] it bitty
slices of yourself divided into things
that should that should be done at 100%
you know uh you have 15% here 20% here
30% here right and the problem with that
is it slows you down obviously it slows
you down it takes a lot of your time
away and you don't get to your journey
at the at the optimum time you know what
I'm saying so and I learned that you
know that's fact one of the main reasons
why I had to take a break I told you
guys right I was managing way too many
things and I was still making progress
don't get me wrong cuz 20% is not 0%
right if you have 20% of you divided
left and right it's still not zero but I
noticed uh you know you you get out what
you put in I would put in 20% I would
get out 20% I was like [ __ ] man I'm I'm
making progress in all these areas but
I'm not making perfect progress I'm not
making Fast progress I'm not
efficient so I had to you know take away
some slices to make my pie back at 100%
or 80% whatever get you know get
whatever I had to you know get done out
of the way and then come back to the
things that could wait you know what I'm
saying so a lot of people are
overwhelmed they're setting like a
million goals let's say you trying to
lose weight on this channel whatever
you're trying to do they would say like
a million gos I got to do this I got to
do this um every day drink a gallon of
water a day drink uh eat this much
protein a day e this amount of car yes
all of that is needed don't get me wrong
but if you're just getting started and
you don't have that willpower yet or you
struggling with Willow you struggling
motivation focus on one thing guys
that's the best advice I can give you
focus on one goal put 100% of yourself
into one thing whether it be for the
next 7 days I'm going to focus on
drinking a gallon of water every day
until I make it a habit once you make it
a habit it will no longer take a big a
big uh slice of your willpower a Big
Slice of that pie chart right it'll go
from like 30% of your willpower to like
5% of your willpower because you only
have a limited amount you know sence Pro
you know Pro the [ __ ] van right so focus
on one goal at a time you know when
Hannah was trying to uh you know trying
to get in shape and you know before fce
tell to do all these things that you
have to do to get lean but eventually I
realized that that takes a lot of you
know out of her willpower especially if
willpower in the person is not developed
Willow is a muscle right if if it's not
it's a muscle and cach if it's not
developed then you know you have too
much on your plate so told you know what
forget everything else focus on on
drinking a gallon of water every day
right do that for long enough until it
becomes a habit once it becomes a habit
you realize that it takes less and less
willpower to do it then I would tell her
move on to the next thing do do air
squats every morning right make that
into a habit develop that willpower
develop that consistency right then move
on to I don't know the protein intake
the the carbohydrate intake things like
that so you got to learn how to you know
um divide and conquer don't try to do it
all at once because you only going to go
you know maybe a week two weeks maybe a
month and eventually you're going to
crash and quit do it very very steadily
one at a time right you only have a
limited amount of willpower time and
energy don't do it all that once guys
all right so that's the best I can tell
you subtraction adds more than addition
sometimes sometimes by taking more off
your plate you're able to add more to
the other things that matter you know do
what I do you know the parto principle
right you know the one one out of every
five out of every five things at once
only one really matters right 80% of
your results come from 20% of your
effort so focus on the on the on the 20%
that really matters right maximize that
and then go on to the next all right I
hope that really helps you guys whether
you're on the fat loss Journey a muscle
building Journey uh I don't know just
trying to better at yourself whatever it
is focus on what matters right look at
your goals if you have if you don't have
goals and something's wrong with you but
if you have a bunch of goals like I
would say too many goals is just as bad
as too little goals right so if you have
a list of goals
count five each five select one until
you narrow down to one or maybe two and
then focus on there all right guys team
through the alpha like the video for
help share it based on the likes not
only the the the channel grows but I'm
able to tell which videos you guys
prefer and then I focus on that topic
all right so comment below if you have
any more questions comment below if you
want me to make a video on different
topics whether it's bodybuilding related
or not you know I'm here for y'all guys
school is over so I'm excited to get
back with my YouTube fam
peace y Come On Son anyway so so i y
let's let's make a video and show how we
came out with these insas and we spent
like the last 10 minutes
laughing first one is you have to you
have to
