hey guys what going on Megan here all
right what does your hand grip strength
says about your testosterone levels
please get caught up on all my videos
that go over the studies that show how
hand grip strength is one of the best
predictors of n Androgen status which is
obviously more important testosterone
right please watch those videos else
you're going to have too many questions
that are already answered but long story
short one of the best predictors of your
testosterone is your hand grip strength
right and again it measures just testone
levels but n Androgen status so that's
the ratio of your androgens to your
anti- androgens blah blah blah my OG
about rard of here in this but I got to
keep repeating it because I still get
miscoded okay so here on the left side
even though I put different Rangers of
testone levels right this is just a
proxy for that Androgen status this is
assuming that for example like 600 to
800 9 gr per Des leader this is assuming
that you have normal n status meaning
your cortisol levels are fine your
levels are fine your prolactin your shbg
your free T free DHD total DHT it's
assuming that everything is fine if not
that would quickly change for example
let's say you have 600 800 NR per dcer
Total Tea but your cortisol Sky High or
your adrenaline is low um then even
though you have this level on paper in
the blood your net status is going to be
equal to somebody who's probably down
here okay so hopefully that clears out
all the confusion um so for the sake of
this video we're going to assume that
everything else that impacts your Nas is
equal all right so let's say your hand
grip strength comes out at we'll say uh
under 60 PBS right convert to kilograms
let's say it comes out to under 60 lbs
most of the time that will put you here
that means you have all lse equal the
total T of somebody who's under 9 gr per
Des liter and that's castration
territory that's less than a woman right
so something is clearly wrong you got to
address the root cause right usually
something wrong with your diet your
stress management or your training right
so definitely address this no man should
be under 60 pounds again also this is
assuming obviously that you have average
height average weight right cuz
obviously if you weigh 400 lb and you
6'4 that changes everything right so all
this is assuming you're an average guy
right you're standard you're not too
heavy relative to the you know to the
average man in terms of standard
deviation same thing with height wave
muscle mass whatever the moment you
start to add a ton of muscle or or you
super short obviously excuse everything
right so these are based on averages uh
and if you're wondering where I got all
these numbers from I made a whole
article about this check it out this one
these numbers here are going to be
slightly different than the one in the
article simply because I'm narrowing
down the ranges whereas in article I had
wider ranges and I'm also adding more
data based on not just my own on hand
group strength but my clients the
studies blah blah blah um all right so
if you under 60 lbs for your hand goup
strength using a dynamometer right
something's wrong you you you have the
total T give or take of someone who's
under 50 that's bad next let's
say oh actually wait I used the wrong
guy it should be smigle CU smigo is at
the complete bottom and this one should
be here right so let's say your grip
strength is between 60 and 80 lb then
here then that's roughly equivalent of
50 to 200 nanog per deciliter once again
all else equal right um again you got to
get out of this territory all right next
let's assume that your hand grip
strength is uh 80 to 100 PBS right that
puts you roughly in a 200 to 4009 Grand
pest leader range and sure enough we
tend to see this in the scientific
literature as well right most guys have
total to around 200 to 400 tend to have
around 80 to 100 lb of grim of hand grip
strength of course there's exceptions to
the rule always um because remember that
Androgen status as well as testosterone
is not a stable number it is always
fluctuating unless you on trt or steroid
then in that case it's a bit more stable
as far as your total T levels go but
even your net anden status is still
going to fluctuate because you know that
doesn't account for Cordo signaling and
blah blah blah you know uh and of course
genetics blah blah blah all right next
let's assume that your hand grip
strength is around 100 to 120 pounds
that puts you in the SE here right so
around 400 to 69 gr per deciliter and
that's where most people are most people
are somewhere between 100 and 200 lb
sorry between 100 and 120 PBS the hand
grip STM um so that will put you roughly
around 400 to 600 nanogram per de total
te again all LC assuming normal free te
blah blah
blah um next let's say you are between
uh 120 to 140 lbs hand grip
strimp that puts you somewhere around
600 to 800 nanogram per deciliter total
T right so if your hand grip strength is
around 120 to 140 lb most of the time
you between 600 and 800 sometimes you'll
be down here as well again that that's
where things get you know that's where
the the variance tends to be very high
right at least based on my research uh
cuz some people are down here while
having that number with somewh here but
again all else equal you should be
somewhere here right now let's say your
hand grip strength is between uh 140 to
160 now again this one is very very
tricky because there's a lot of skew in
the data right so you'll be between here
and here right I I see a lot of
variations when people score between 140
and 160 right some end up here and some
end up here but for the sake of
Simplicity I'm going to put it up here
right between 800 to 1,000 per deciliter
but like I said there's a lot of
variants where some people end up down
here all right next let's say your hand
grip strength is between 160 to 180 lbs
right which is very high uh that usually
push you somewhere here
right they usually push you somewhere
here and again with some rare exceptions
I've seen some people up here but
usually 160 180 pounds you're also going
to be here right very rarely you're
going to be down here with that kind of
grow strength so 160 to 180 here and
obviously if you mess up your n the
status is going to push you back
down next let's say you between 18 180
to 200 lb that was my Max I never went
above that uh that puts you here right
so if your hand grip strf is between 180
to 200 lb that's
usually it usually corresponds to a
total T of 1,00 to 1200 nog per
deciliter or the other way to state that
says you would need roughly 1,000 to
1200 nanog per deciliter to produce that
kind of hand grip strength again this is
assuming all SQL and keep in mind guys
this is assuming that you don't even
train your grip strength right yes even
without training your grip strength your
grip strength will go up as your net
Androgen status goes up ton of ton and
ton ton of research on this and you
could also test it yourself um you can
do anything that increases your grip
strength sorry your n and status and
within seconds if not minutes your
handry strength will go up you could
also do the opposite you could do
something that crushes your T levels
test your hand of strength is going to
go down by 10 or 20 pounds sometimes
even 30 lounds within seconds to minutes
you're going to tell me that your muscle
mass changed in seconds to minutes of
course not um so and of course we know
the mechanisms know the pathways that
that impact that and blah blah blah so
next we have uh let's say your hand grip
strength is between um 200 to 220 pounds
that's what [ __ ] starts to get crazy
right so between 200 to 220
lbs that puts you
here that usually corresponds to a total
T of 1,200 to 1400 not a grand but
that's lader again all out seal that is
extremely hard to to achieve usually
you're going to get some of the highest
te guys up there right you're going to
get on wrestlers up there because
obviously they're training that gri
strength on top of having high that and
status and you also going to have guys
who are just strong as hell or have
optimized
leverages next let's say you are between
220 to uh well actually Let's
see we just did 200 to
220 yeah so now we're doing 240 to
260 yeah so if you somehow I like I said
I personally never got in in this range
right but if you somehow get that high
that means your T levels are either
between you know the high end of this
range right around 1400 plus right or
over
1,600 right and those numbers are Godly
it is very very hard to get you good
even if you train it on top of that
status uh to reach that amount and
that's why I'm to put everybody else
right that's where Broadley is going to
go if if somehow you get more than this
then boom right this is Elite gu tier
right to be able to sustain that
naturally is insanely high so that's
usually guys with Elite genetics or guys
who are on a ton a ton of gear all right
so use this as a Rough Guide this way
you don't have to spend money on endless
blood test to see where your nen status
is or where your T Stone lies all right
hope this video helps
