yo all right guys what's up want to show
you guys what we got obviously we
barking so you're going to see a lot of
white stuff white rice some brown rice
and this is u based on our meal ples we
got everything organized you know
including what time of the days we going
to eat the food and stuff like that no
food by itself is bad if you keep the
quantity in check and the timing check
you know what I'm saying if you know the
windows you know when to eat when not to
eat you can make white rice you know
work like steroids so we got bow in the
bag while R in case we're in the rush if
we're not in the rush we actually have
um jasmine rice jasmine rice that [ __ ]
is [ __ ] delicious man long grain
jasmine rice pretty good that's usually
what I use the only time we use balls
and bags like I said when we in a rush
we don't want to make excuses be like Oh
I'm in a rush I'm going to skip them MD
likeu that so we got pasta different
kinds um Great Value that's the Walmart
brand that's a cheap brand uh one
serving and is 56 G and it's 41 G of
carbs 7 g of protein 1 gr of fat which
is great eat a lot of pasta when you
buking um more pasta
elbows Mo I can't pronounce this [ __ ]
pin we G there we got pre go guys the
only that's the only thing that's not
low budget cuz for some reason usually I
like Buy imitation cuz there's not
there's not really a difference in The
Taste but
prgo is it just you know imitations of
preo don't taste the same prgo earns my
respect I'm buying original brain plus
it's sturdy as [ __ ] we dropped it
earlier and it ain't crack it's a
boss um peanut butter that sounds of
[ __ ] right natural crunchy I don't like
the crunchy crunchy one he likes the
crunchy I like the natural creamy we got
peanuts we eat a lot of nuts um during
the day the best time to eat those I say
during the day you know what I'm saying
like you know it's slow digesting cuz
it's full of fats the fat slows down the
digestion uh olive oil a this [ __ ] hurts
my heart it's so expensive olive oil is
so [ __ ] expensive hands down you
can't find a cheap version even the
cheap versions of olive oil it's like $9
exactly but I got to eat at least a Ser
in a day you know has has a lot of
benefits nasty ass cottage cheese this
[ __ ] deserves 5 Seconds of introduction
I ha cottage
cheese um I want to try this out
spaghetti for the first time actually
try Buy kind a brand name spaghetti
instead of the crow girl the Walmart
brand I said a lot of pasta a lot of
rice uh lettuce obviously to you know
keep the Cravings
down Frozen cly spinach I make the the
chicken the chicken and spinach sauce
it's uh check out my recipe videos I
made a video about that months ago it's
very delicious make it with chicken
peanut butter and um and tomato paste
and yeah we got our chest board that's
about it too long oh yeah don't forget
we got we got the um
Gade up there we got the andore you
already know in the back over there is
the banana right there you got to have
your bananas good [ __ ] showing the Vodka
they can't see it anyway anything you
want to say h guys we don't n we not
seriously we don't drink like that he
doesn't drink at all I don't drink at
I'm not going to [ __ ] lie like I'm
I'm I'm only supposed to drink I drink
like once a month but when I do drink I
go I go crazy but I drink like once a
month I'm not going to lie to you maybe
once every two months you know what I'm
saying if I'm invited to a party there's
a lot of people there I don't be a party
pooper especially my friends like
Jonathan come on you always dieing you
never go out to eat with us you know
just drink for tonight and then I drink
I don't I don't get drunk that's
completely different cuz I drive out
there I don't want to [ __ ] die it's
the end of Team 3D and I'm want to keep
getting my gifts in the mail so I want
to stay alive anything you want to say
hun don't forget guys when your Bing
work like an animal eat like a pig sleep
like a lion team 3D and Fu like a pig
too [ __ ] yo
chill
