the 10 testosterone boosting
Commandments that you must obey every
single day based on the science and I
made all of them start with the letter s
to make it easier for you to memorize
number 10 strength training in bronze
tier thou shal lift weights at least two
to three times a week if not daily
studies consistently show that
resistance training is one of the best
things you can do for your testosterone
levels both shortterm and longterm and
that's because resistance training
especially in your large muscle groups
increases brain function blood flow and
testicular Health through several
mechanisms lowering inflammation
increasing dopamine increasing
mitochondrial Health reducing insulin
resistance the list is endless guys so
in short if your goal is to maximize
testosterone production naturally resist
and strain your large muscle group so
legs back chest at least two to three
times a week just make sure you don't
overdo it and that is one of
