hey guys what's up all right so make
sure you watch episode one and two for
insulin and testosterone this one is on
growth hormone so 333 just the basics uh
three functions three uh ways to
increase it and three ways to decrease
it Cal damn man damn uh like I said
there's much more that goes into this so
make sure you do your own research on
your own personal time I'm just going to
cover the um the basis all right uh
three functions obviously it's called
growth hormone for a reason growth right
development of bone muscle tissue all
that good
[ __ ] uh helps in your height people that
deficient and growth hormone are
extremely short people that have too
much G hormone are extremely huge um so
obviously it helps a lot with your bones
and your cells and things like that
number two it helps burn fat believe for
one is a big agen fat running because it
helps uh you know metabolize fat for
other you know other things so number
one bone and you know growth organ all
your organs except your brain will grow
on growth hormone talk my natural growth
hormone right uh number two I just
mentioned it burns fat uh who is that
all right guys hold on all right FAL
alone guys sorry about that all right
three ways to increase growth hor
obviously high intensity exercise show
rest perience anything that makes you
like Sprints jump rope anything that's
high intensity makes you makes your
heart pump like a [ __ ] right uh
that's going to increase your growth
hormone number two um fasting has been
shown to increase grow hor because you
know like I said it helps prevent
protein breakdown while you're fasting
you're not eating and that's also at
night your growth hormone goes up uh
third way to increase growth hormone is
through your diet you want to make sure
you stay away from acidic Foods uh have
a diet in alkalines eat a lot of fruits
and vegetables man and try not to spar
your incident too damn much except supp
work out obviously all right three way
to lower your your growth hormone is to
[ __ ] up on your sleep if you don't get
enough sleep your [ __ ] is going to be
whacked uh mostly grone is released
during the first hours of sleep um
another way to decrease growth hormone
not like anybody would want to do it but
just so that you stay away from those
things um like I said uh foods that are
highly acidic stay away from that [ __ ]
eat a lot of fruits and veggies right
you want to have that balance that
alkaline acid balance in your blood and
another way to decrease growth hormone
would be like I said insulin spikes
right every time you spike your insulin
insulin even though they're all anabolic
they're all good for muscle building you
have to know when to manipulate them
insulin pre prents fat breakdown insulin
stores fat and keeps it from being
broken down for energy growth hormone um
um breaks breaks down fat you know helps
your body use fat for energy so you want
to make sure you know you kind of know
how to manipulate your hormones all
right guys that's what growth hormone
does hope this helps watch the other
videos and do more research on your own
it's very important that you
self-educate yourself I'm not always
going to be right the sources I use and
always going to be right that's what you
have to constantly keep learning for
yourself all right guys I'm out
[Music]
