hey guys what's up it's Megan here
another day at the gym um chicken legs
no more I'm tired of having chicken legs
man I'm working on my new routine for
the next four weeks my new training
program you guys know I switch it up
every four weeks make Minor Adjustments
you know depending on what's working and
what's not and I always I'm going to
make a separate video showing you guys
how I design my workouts cuz I'm very
objective every program that I has to
have a specific goal and as the first
one of the first things I do is I look
at my worst body parts and right now
obviously I asked at least four or five
people and they all told me Cals Cals
Cals Cavs I made great Improvement
everywhere else except Cales so uh I got
to get my calves up got to get my legs
up my quads are growing believe or not
but my calves are just being ignored and
I finally find out why you know I made a
video about the whole slow Twi fast T
thing so uh I us go too heavy on Cavs
and Cavs need tension not just
heavyweight but a lot of tension so I'm
going to find a way to make my Cavs blow
up within the next few weeks so stay
tuned and um obviously I just hit my
3:15 for five reps on Squad so it's a
good start can't neglect legs anymore
guys take it
easy
