hey guys going on Megan here here's a
really quick video I'm not lying this
time it's gonna be quick it's a really
quick video on how muscle is built it's
not like a lot of people just don't
understand the muscle building process
so it's hard for them to put programs
together started I'm to figure out what
information is [ __ ] or truth bla bla
bla so having a basic understanding
heart muscle this bill will help speed
up your muscle building journey right so
let's get straight to it again I got um
a try to make this quick this time
number one and I put one two three four
five you can follow along alright I'm on
my best to simplify this it all starts
with testosterone right again the
antigen receptor okay I'm trying to keep
it as simple as possible so I'm gonna
leave out a lot of you know extra
details so testosterone bias or the
entertain receptor right and then the
goal is to go to the nucleus or the cell
right there's a nucleus or a cell right
nucleophile or ro is where your DNA is
what are you DNA
you can't go muscle I mean that's why
your jeans off okay so but in order to
go to your jeans and find the
instructions to build muscle your body
has to you know go to this transcription
process which requires the use of the
antigen receptor mainly so testosterone
basa androgen receptor and we go to step
two right we find a nucleus or the cell
and again remember if you watch my
nucleus over lo videos you know muscle
cells have a lot of [ __ ] nuclei right
the more nuclear you have the more
muscle you're gonna build eventually at
a faster rate alright so just have some
parts the engine receptor goes to the
nucleus or the cell right and eventually
gets the instructions right so am I on
it we'll just pretty much the
instructions on how to build muscle
muscle is made out of amino acids right
but those amino acids have to be put
together in a certain sequence alright
it's kind of like the alphabet
ABCDEF right so muscle has to be put
together the amino acids us we have to
be put together in a sequence but that
sequence you know whether you have to
put leucine furs or lives in whatever
that sequence is found in your DNA in
your genes so that's why we need step
two to take place
right now once the instructions are
found right mRNA right now it's time to
build muscle right so let's go to step 3
so you have the workbench right of
course the code viable songs but just to
keep it simple
we'll just come to work that's right
that's what I'm talkin right I'm so the
enzyme that pretty much you know speeds
up this process and builds ribosomes
once you have the workbench you could
start building muscle all right so now
we go to step 4 protein from the diet
alright because you need the amino acids
my muscle is made of amino acids we know
now we have the instructions how to put
them together but now we you know need
to start actually synthesizing them and
that's what protein synthesis is it's
literally you sticking together a bunch
of amino acids to create big early you
know
muscle tissue so you get the protein
from the diet right on the workbench
right and obviously this whole process
needs calories right energy alright you
can't do any of this without step 5
which is calories right energy and I put
a little ATP molecule here and once you
do 3 plus 4 plus 5 boom you end up with
new muscle so in less than I don't know
how long this view is nest anymore 3
minutes
people sort of say how muscles build
right step 1 you have the transcription
factors right which is again
testosterone bound to the androgen
receptor step to write this thing
travels to the nucleus of the cell the
more nuclear you have the better alright
because muscle cells and what's going to
get these structures are found right
that's why it's called transcription you
just literally copy you copying and
pasting most of the things just copying
and pasting you copy any instructions
and then boom you go on the workbench
right the ribosome which is gonna be
build by I'm tall and p7e i 6k all that
fancy [ __ ] right and then the cell grabs
the amino acids from the diet and builds
muscle right now what does this have to
do with programming and you know rep
ranges and progressive overload and
volume and frequency well if you're not
building muscle try to figure out which
step are you [ __ ] are born step one
step two step three step four Step five
right so step one right it just starts
one that was lower [ __ ] in fact what's
most important is not just you
testosterone but you're androgen
receptors right cuz memory as a matter
if it's estas one is 4,000 nanograms per
DL if you don't have enough antigen
receptors then you know there's no
there's no way to carry testosterone
into yourself
and you might say well how do I increase
my dream acceptance train more [ __ ]
out there all right train hard all right
there's only three things that your
training is gonna contribute to that
which is your volume right how much
total work you're doing right set some
reps right sounds weird of course your
intensity so how hard you train right as
close to failure as possible you don't
have to go to complete failure but it's
closed as fair as possible right so
that's what they're using a heavy weight
or you don't have you know high reps
with the same way and obviously
frequency how often you train
I say antigen receptor you want to
maximize that simple train hard train
frequently right and try to accumulate
as much total volume as possible you
know go ahead you go as close to that as
possible well not I hate saying that not
as close to fair as possible but you
know what I mean I train hard all right
don't grab you know I don't know 50
pound dumbbell and you know if you
capable of doing 20 reps don't do five
where I could you know you're not
[ __ ] [ __ ] hot so that's gonna max
it maximize your you know your step one
all right
and of course that's the reason why you
know men build more than women and stuff
like that and you know as you get older
your ability to build more so goes down
you know because you step one is all
[ __ ] up right and I saw so while
obviously on steroids this process a lot
faster right because you have a ton of
testosterone it's not engineering
selfish step - all right how do you
maximize your nuclei right
nucleus overload right simply train more
frequently right ton of volume at the
end of the week saw the cumin as much
volume as possible
right but in the four week period you
know and that's gonna help you maximize
your new concert I just frequent how
about you training no like I said it's
always for four-week period I was
recommended to a solo to be done in a
four-week period so that you don't
literally burn yourself up plus you
don't need that much time to accumulate
nude nuclei in the muscle cell it can
happen in a that's why I prescribe for
weeks because it can happen in two you
know two to three weeks so yeah so step
two right make sure that you increasing
your nuclei guys you gotta understand
this this is not a theory right studies
came out years after the nucleus of a
little thing and explained you need more
nuclei in order to build muscle in fact
some studies were even mentioning that
I'm finding studies that were even
mentioning this before 2011 before I
mention it was overlooked right so this
is not a theory the more nuclei in your
muscle cell the faster you
muscle right especially past the new
face right if you've been training for a
long time and you pass your new phase
and you're like man the games are not
coming
increase your [ __ ] nuclei right you
need more DNA right and then go to next
step I'm so right oh you [ __ ] up on
your step three phase meaning are you
not giving yourself you know once
everything is accounted for once you're
training hard enough and all that stuff
are you giving yourself enough recovery
remember guys I made a video I'm sorry
Carly process if you constantly train
over and over and over again you don't
take breaks eventually and so it becomes
desensitized right and that's why
beginners build muscles so much faster
because they M tall like I said it is a
virgin right it's like holy [ __ ] you
know let's get to it
but train the more you more often train
sorry the longer you train eventually
MSHA becomes desensitized that's your
body's way of saying okay I gotta find a
way to stop this guy from putting on too
much muscle ya know it sucks so that's
that's ideally I go also my stat and
write us on my stat and that's my stat
and [ __ ] up the whole phase three
things alright so try to make sure that
you might Stan levels obviously how do
you do that again same frequently check
brakes frequently sake brakes you want
to condense high volume periods right
within cycles and then eventually
recover from that to be sensitized and
so on top of doing the basic stuff that
lowers my statin and I have videos on
that um so you know if step three is my
issue let's go to step four are you
getting enough protein most people are
getting enough protein but if you wanna
diet should make a large deficit ninety
percent of the time you probably not
getting enough protein
remember the more calories you're eating
the less protein you need the less
calories you eating like I said all
right the first time yeah yeah the more
calories you're getting the less protein
you need right because again your body
doesn't have to convert protein you know
it's a glucose you know for energy the
less calories you're eating the more
protein you need not to forget you know
just forget about there no so make sure
you're optimizing your protein intake
based on your caloric intake if you want
a big cut increase the [ __ ] out of your
protein if you're on a bug then you
probably don't eat as much right and
finally make sure you're getting enough
food step 5
right make sure you're getting enough
calories overall that's obviously gonna
speed up the process now of course you
could build muscle you
in a deficit but again it's gonna be a
lot harder because em so it's very very
sensitive to energy signals I
studies have shown over and over again
if you're on a caloric deficit your
protein census is a lot lower and lazy
laughs :
honestly I'll make a video so yeah guys
that's it
um like I said I promised this video
short so hopefully I did not go over the
limit try to figure out rice try to
self-diagnose which are those five steps
you [ __ ] up on if you notice that
you're not building muscle anymore right
and I said hope this video helps don't
forget to Like don't forget to subscribe
a lot of y'all [ __ ] and I subscribe
you to be showing me that and obviously
see you in a comment section I'm out
