hey guys what's going on Megan here top
40 things you can do to fall asleep
extremely fast you guys know the
importance of sleep for muscle growth
testosterone energy mood cognitive
function blah blah blah but the million
dollar question is Megan how do I fall
asleep faster right not only you have to
fall asleep fast but you also have to
sleep longer but that's a different
video so I'm going to rank all of these
things using my experience you guys know
I've been battling insomnia forever um
so I'm going to use my experience
expence I'm going to use the scientific
literature as always and the third thing
I'm going to use the experience of the
people that I coach and stuff like that
and their feedback okay so I'm going to
show you guys what allowed me to finally
fall asleep um over the years and um
hopefully this helps you guys out now
I'm going to rank them based on how much
how fast the Knik you out so Fran andu n
power of course next going to be Mike
Tyson Naka power that's going to make
you fall asleep extremely fast you got
to have per knockout Power Max Holloway
that's average right we got Dominic Cruz
knockout power which obviously you guys
should know that means this is not going
to make you fall asleep fast we got
smigo knocka powered so that's the worst
the least effective method and you got
never through this right that's the one
that's actually going to keep you awake
right all right let's get straight to it
so let's see uh ear muffs obviously ear
muffs I'm going to put those at Alex bur
and power right guys you want to fall
asleep one of the most important things
is right it's common sense don't be
disrupted don't let things disrupt your
sleep if you got loud roommates you got
like in my situation it's [ __ ] ass kids
always making sounds uh if you have dogs
if you live in a busy street right you
can't afford for random noises to keep
you awake so I highly recommend they're
very cheap and again I'm not sponsored
by any of them I highly recommend that
you guys invest in some inos right
something new black out the sound right
if you have if you have a gun at home
already then you should already have uh
you know the the ones that you use for
the shooting range so you could use
those as well you don't have to buy an
additional one uh they're very very good
at black and out now they might be a
little uncomfortable when you try to
fall asleep but work your way around
there uh next we have uh we have I'm
going to pick him at random guys we have
comedy I'm going to put comedy
at uh I'm going to put at Max hollowe
not power right I'm going to put in
average um and Believe It or Not comedy
helps fall asleep why because comedy
calms you down it lowers your
sympathetic nervous system activation
and it activates your per sympathetic
nervous system right so anything that
calms you down that lowers your stress
that lowers your cortisol is going to
help you fall asleep so I highly
recommend before bed right obviously you
want to make sure that the blue lights
are not messing up with your melatonin
but I highly recommend laughing right
just do things that make you laugh if
you're going to bed around 10 then
around 900 PM you should already start
doing your night routine right so comedy
is very underrated right watch Dave
Chappelle watch raik and Morty South
Park whatever it is that makes you laugh
for me you know those do it every
[ __ ] time I could be having the worst
day Dave Chappelle ever since I was
young ever since I was I laugh just
thinking about it ever since I was a
teenager to this day you could show me
any Dave sheel skit any
southb episode Family Guy whatever and
I'm going to laugh my ass off so really
helps lower down lower your cortisol uh
next we have uh anything that increases
your sympathetic nervous system so
anything that increases your fight or
flight anything that puts you in a high
adrenaline State never do this never do
this guys and a lot of you guys make
this mistake you have a hard time
falling asleep because before bed you're
doing things that regulate your central
your sympathetic nervous system right
and that includes a lot of things which
you're going to see on this led soon so
make sure before B you don't do anything
that gets you angry you don't do
anything that makes you super focused
believe it or not you don't want to be
super focused cuz that's going to
require uh dopamine and no adrenaline uh
no and eing depending on which country
you in and we clearly don't want that
next drinking milk right that works for
a lot of people right drinking some hot
milk before bed um I'm going to put that
at I'm going to put that at Max holay
right because it doesn't work on
everybody right for me personally it
works but some people don't feel
anything but milk tends to help people
fall as sleep uh next we have
stress right anything that increases
your stress levels anything that
increases cortisol uh you know a lot of
you guys like planning the night before
while you in bed no you don't want
anything that's going to stress you out
right so I'm going to put this at never
do this right you want to avoid stress
as much as
possible uh before
bed uh and I know it's easy setting it
done but you know try your best next we
have m meditation I'm going to put that
at Max hollowe not got power right
that's going to help you fall asleep
fast uh within two to five minutes the
reason I'm not putting in higher is
because a lot of you guys are so bad at
focusing that you have a hard time
meditating and that's going to stress
you out in itself right so uh we kind of
get the the opposite effect most of the
time um but meditation is something you
guys should be doing every day anyway as
low as 2 to 5 minutes a day is better
than nothing and that will definitely
help you you know once you get good at
it it's going to help you uh clear your
mind and fall asleep all right next we
have taking a hot shower taking a hot
shower before bed I'm going to put that
Alex knocka power right guys people
really underestimate how effective a hot
shower is you know obviously it's going
to you know I could go into the
mechanisms but take make sure it's not
like burning hot of course right but
make sure it's hot enough you know so
that when you get out of the shower your
body temperature you know you know
adjust right it's going to pretty much
have a rebound effect where it's going
to lower your body temperature and allow
you to fall asleep so definitely try
this if you have issues falling
asleep next we have busting a nut man
I'm going to put this at Francis and ghu
knockout power it is so
underrated busting the nut is so
underrated when it comes to falling
asleep guys you could have the worst ins
you ever assuming that you're doing some
of the other things right you know and
busting nut and yes I don't care if you
be your meat obviously don't make it a
habit but ideally if you have a girl
obviously you know do it that way but
either way bust a nut is going to knock
you out people mean it's going to
increase Pac that's exactly why it's
going to help you fall asleep you idiots
don't know the effects of these hormones
everybody thinks one hormone is good and
one hormone is bad that's not how it
works hormones have many effects and
even prolactin is a needed hormone I
know it gets a bad rep just like
cortisol right we have to simplify and
and dump things down for you guys but no
hormone is inherently good or bad they
all have bad and beneficial effects same
thing with testosterone my favorite
hormone right and DHD they all have good
and bad effects and pactin plays a huge
role in modulating sleep especially deep
sleep real sleep which is where most of
your ststone is produced anyway so um
not to mention that prolactin and
dopamine have an inverse relationship
dopamine lowest black and vice versa
blah blah blah and you do not want high
damine levels when you're about to fall
asleep so that's one of the reasons why
people tend to be sleepy after sex
especially men and after busting nuts so
if you have a hard time falling asleep
again don't use this as a license to
jerk off every night and become ad
dicted a porn right cuz people love to
Str and everything I say you know but
find a way to bus night have a
girlfriend have a booty call whatever
worst case scenario stroke it yes stroke
it if that's going to make you fall to
sleeve do it right don't listen to all
these seman retention idiots out there
you know I could show you millions and
millions of successful men who bust nuts
sleep wake up the next day ready to
conquer the day all right so anyway uh
next we have uh reading reading before
bad uh I
mean I'm going to put that one at
Dominic Cruz not got power right because
if it's a really engaging book that's
actually going to keep you awake because
it's going to increase dopamine and it
might have been increase aceto choline
um whereas if it's a boring ass bug then
uh that might actually make you fall
asleep I remember back in the days when
I was going through my religious phase
around 16 or 17 years old I was you know
that's when I was reading the Bible over
and over and over again and then
eventually the Quran and that would make
me fall asleep so that was one of my
biggest issues back then was trying to
stay awake and I was like wait let me
use that as the hack to actually fall
asleep you know but eventually you know
the Bible and the Quran became very
interesting so it had the opposite
effect but yeah reading I'm going to put
that at Dominic Cruz IA power it's not
too effective um depending on how
engaging the book is next we got texting
hoes a lot of you guys like doing that
all all your dating sites you on
whatever ever texting hoes at night I'm
going to put this at never do this don't
do this before bad it's going to keep
you awake right it's going to keep you
stressed out depending on their response
uh it's going to keep you excited if
their response is positive um now if
it's going to lead to them coming over
and obviously uh you know helping you
busting up then great I want to put it
higher but a lot of you guys have a low
batting average anyway so no don't Tex
hoes before bad it's going to stress you
out especially if your triple SED score
sucks and it's going to keep you awake
uh next we have eating a big large meal
right before bed I'm going to put this
at never do this that's actually going
to keep you awake right because your
body temperature is going to go through
the roof as your body is trying to
digest this as well as the gut the
stomach discomfort and all that stuff so
never do
this uh next we have uh morning sunlight
obviously I'm going to put this at Mike
Tyson Acra power you guys heard me beat
a dead horse about this watched the
video that I made on sunlight years ago
before it was even popular um you guys
should already know when you wake up get
morning sunlight to your eyes and that's
definitely going to help you fall asleep
because it's going to set your secting
Rhythm and it's going to make you fall
asleep about 16 hours after that time um
uh if you want more details watch my
video on sunlight uh next we have uh
Trend you know taking Trend taking I'm
using Trend but really any aggressive
you know androgenic anabolic steroid
right anything that's going to be you
know especially the DHD derivatives
anything that's fast acting as well
anything that has short Esters uh you
know I'm using Trend it should be funny
but it could be anything right never do
this right like I said especially the
big culprits the ones that actually put
your your your sympathetic nervous
system into high gear avoid that as much
as possible right it's going to your
aggression is going to be through the
roof your dopamine signaling is going to
be too high and remember when you're
natural your body can actually do things
to lower your endogens right whereas if
you enhance it's a constantly High you
know stimulation and upregulation of
your sympathetic nervous system right so
avoid doing those brutal aggressive Peds
right and I'm talking about not just
trying Halo testin uh obviously high do
Anadrol high do
superraw uh what else uh avoid check
drops anything that's going to put you
into that high fighter fight Warrior
mode is terrible for
Sleep um and if you on Trend you already
know the trend C is going to [ __ ] you up
so next we have smoking smoking smoking
smoking never do this I mean do you need
an explanation why right uh not only
you're going to upregulation your your
SNS but you're also going to increase
aceto choline signaling you're going to
increase uh the activation of the AC
acetycholine receptor and that's clearly
going to keep you awake because you're
going to be in that focused focused
state so not to mention that's also
going to increase dopamine depending on
how sensitive you are uh to the effect
so definitely avoid doing that uh close
to bedtime next we have taking naps
close to bedtime again never do this for
obvious reasons if you take a nap way
too close to bedtime you're going to
have a hard time falling asleep common
sense
let's see uh lifting heavy ass weight
too close to bed time again never do
this you see a lot of habits you
[ __ ] break right avoid lifting
heavy weights close to bed time when I
say close even five hours close to
bedtime in my opinion it's too close
right especially if you're doing heavy
deadlifts heavy squats heavy uh you know
heavy ohps anything that increases once
again your sympathetic nervous system is
going to keep you awake and the issue
with lifting super heavy waste is you
can have such an increase in Adrenaline
that it will actually keep you awake all
the way to 3: 4 5 a.m. trust me been
there done there several
times uh next we have covering your eyes
right so wearing anything that covers
your eyes I'm going to put that at uh at
Max Holloway knockout power it's not
going to make you fall as sleep faster
but it's definitely going to help
because it's going to block out the blue
lights and all that stuff having a
consistent sleep schedule so that means
going to back at around the same time
every night ideally around 9: to 11:00
p.m. so 10: p.m. is The Sweet Spot I'm
going to put that at Mike Tyson n high
power right you you guys have hormones
all over the place your melatonin is out
of whack your serotonin is out of whack
prolactin your cortisol all your
hormones are messed up and a lot of
those are going to balance themselves
out when you start going to bed around a
consistent time as well as doing
everything else right you can't do any
of those things by themselves
next we have uh let's see drinking
alcohol obviously never do this what
come on not only the headache is going
to keep you awake the inflammation the
liver damage uh it's not worth it right
and for some people you're actually
going to get an increase in dopamine
which last thing you want to do before
bed uh next getting a lot of steps at
least 10,000 steps a day ideally more
I'm going to put that at Mike Tyson
knockout power another reason why you
guys struggle with falling asleep is use
sedentary you don't move enough right
minimum 10,000 steps a day ideally more
right 12 14 15 you know I shoot for
nowadays I shoot for 20,000 minimum and
it knocks me out by the time I come home
um let's see the best combo is getting
all your steps and clapping cheeks that
that is the best combo uh let's see
let's see next we have uh sleeping in a
hot room right if if you if you're
living in those countries where it's hot
as balls all the time this one is never
do this remember your body temperature
has to drop significantly for you to
fall asleep so if it's too hot
definitely fix that get an air
conditioner a fan something um and try
sleeping butt ass naked that's also
going to help you regulate your body
temperature
next uh counting sheep count these nuts
this thing never works I get mad because
I remember when I used to struggle with
sleep I used to look up all the goals
and all that stuff was like oh count
sheep count sheep that should never work
for me that should actually kept me
awake these [ __ ] ass sheep I'm going to
put that smeo kna power right if it
works for you great but for my
experience and from the people that I
talk to and coach this is not as
effective next drinking a lot of water
right before bed never do this right
because you're going to even if you're
about to fall asleep you're going to get
up to go pee and now that's going to
[ __ ] up the rest of your night right so
do not drink a lot of water before bad
obviously you guys know I'm a big
proponent of being hydrated all the time
but make sure you drink the majority of
your water early in the
day next we have melatonin taking a
melatonin supplement unfortunately even
though you guys know my stance of
supplements I have to be objective them
hoes work man they work Mike tyon Nota
power but my recommendation is don't
spam them right use them as a backup
plan like I always say supplements are
not bad as long as you know how to use
them correctly use them as a backup
plane so taking melatonin should be an
emergency break the glass type of SC
scenario you should not do this every
freaking day to fall asleep it's if you
tried everything else and nothing worked
you notice that it's getting late 11:00
p.m. midnight then boom right obviously
not medical advice consult your [ __ ] ass
doctor uh before you make any
changes uh let's see the [ __ ] is this
one oh yeah
magnesium magnesium especially magnesium
glycinate so I'm going to put that at
Alex perir yeah not C power very good
very good to you sleep but I'm not
putting higher because if your diet is
really high magnesium it's not going to
do much now the glycin inv version
obviously has a slight Edge um but again
it's not something that you should be
doing every single day for the rest of
your life right your D should already be
high in magnesium next we have sparring
doing MMA boxing Jiu-Jitsu late in the
evening come on guys never do this and
nine out of 10 times most of you guys
are sparring in the evening right and I
get it it's because a lot of these
places you know based on their their
schedules you know they're usually uh
active or open in the evening but you
guys got to find a work around you got
to find a way around that you know
sparring late in the day is terrible
terrible for for sleep right because
your father flight is going to be on
your adrenaline is going to be high and
trust me just because you came home that
doesn't mean those chemicals are out of
your system a lot of times they're going
to stay in your system for hours depend
on what happened to an interception so
I'm sorry but do not do sparring um late
in the
day uh let's see training early in the
morning yes I'm going to put that as
long as you training H bot way I'm going
to put that at Mike Tyson not power
doing a full body workout early in the
day especially if you got your morning
sunlight and all that stuff and then
doing your steps later on oh my goodness
you're going to be so tired around 5 6 7
p.m. right and it's one of the best
things you can do for Sleep Quality try
it do a full body workout early in the
morning get your steps afterward and
watch how tired and sleepy you are late
in the day right not to mention you
don't have to worry about you know the
whole caffeine issue right because the
issue with working out lat in a day is
if you take pre-workouts you screwed
right because now the caffeine is going
to be in your system which brings me
here pre-workout taking pre-workouts in
the evening or even after 3 p.m. never
do this guys what are you doing it's
caffeine it has a very long halflife
it's going to stay in your system for a
very very long time you know depend on
your genetics to depend on how fast or
slow you metabolize caffeine and that's
going to keep you awake you know so I
tell most people try to avoid caffeine
and that includes coffee obviously uh
try to avoid it after 10:00 a.m. you
know now if you sensit if you
desensitize to caffeine so they an issue
but you shouldn't be desensitized anyway
that means you've been spamming coffee
or caffeine way too much and that's
another reason why people shouldn't work
out too late in the day is because a lot
of you guys work out with pre-workouts
see so now you you training later in the
day you increasing your adrenaline
you're increasing your SNS right and on
top of that you're adding caffeine of
course you [ __ ] can't sleep
next we have uh sleep apnea a lot of you
guys have sleep apnea without even
knowing it if you don't know make sure
obviously ask your partner ask your
roommates well you shouldn't be sleep
being next next your roommate uh no D
but uh another thing you can do is try
using those apps right try using those
apps that record your sleep and they'll
let you know a lot of guys are sleep
apnea and don't even know it so if you
have sleep apnea
obviously never do this right don't have
sleep apnea it's going to [ __ ] up your
sleep it's going to make it very hard to
fall asleep because as you fall asleep
you're going to gas for air wake up
again and then the whole thing is going
to keep on repeating so next White Noise
sounds right so those very very loud
White Noise sounds I'm going to put this
at I'm going to put this in Mike Tyson
right at least for me those things work
like a charm right cuz now I don't have
to hear the [ __ ] ass kids anymore I
don't have to hear the dog growling I
don't have to hear the neighbors nothing
right so very very good for falling
asleep and in fact you can keep that
[ __ ] on all night right just way if any
loud noises happen at night you fine now
the downside reason why I you know I'm
not putting it higher is
because uh it only works if you're doing
everything else as well right
also I mean there's a risk that you're
not going to hear somebody brace into
your house but yeah I mean
I mean I don't I don't [ __ ] know
right it depends if you live in a in a
sketchy ass neighborhood then then I
guess you could push this down but I
don't know find a way around that you
know next we have uh taking a cold Shard
before bed never do this never take a
cold sh before bad and never take and
that includes ice baths right what are
you doing it's going to spike your
dopamine spike your nor adrenaline spike
your adrenaline as well right so all
three of your main catac colines are
going to be up all right that's not
going to help you fall asleep uh next we
have um anything that increases dopamine
any dopamine Agonist again never do this
anything that increases dopamine you
know you're going to run the risk of
eventually converting that dopamine to
Nar adrenaline and eventually adrenaline
right not to mention that when you're
trying to go to bed you want the
opposite you don't want dopamine High
you want dopamine High early in the day
right when you going to bed you want
prolactin and serotonin high it's the
complete opposite remember homeostasis
next we have uh weighted blanket this is
goated right I'm going to put that at
Alex Pera Nota power I'm not going to
put it higher because you also have to
do everything else right but having a
nice weighted blanket uh combined with
some air conditioner oh you're going to
sleep like a
baby uh next you have watching Pawn
before bed right now this one this one
is tricky right because first of all you
know you shouldn't be making you
shouldn't have Pawn addiction to begin
with right you shouldn't make it a
habit but not only you getting the blue
lights right you're getting the light
into your eyes that's going to mess you
up uh but you obviously
actually cuz this might actually lead to
you busting several kns so I'm going to
put that smigo KN power right the only
reason why I'm putting it higher then
never do this is simply because if
you're in a bus in the nut then it's a
win you know it's going to help you fall
asleep but I'm not going to put it
higher because this should not be your
main method of uh of going to bed right
CU you're definitely going to get
erectile dysfunction eventually if you
do this every single night it's going to
sensitize you um
so let's see next having an elevated
pillow right so make sure you sleeping
at an incline especially if you have
sleep apnea I'm going to put that
at if you have sleep apne I'm going to
put this higher if you don't have sleep
apne I'm going to put this at Max hallay
I power all right next we have anything
that increases Gaba right anything that
increases Gaba so I'm going to put this
at Francis and fr God knock power
obviously you need Gaba to fall asleep
that's what bz or diin do is they Lally
activate the Gaba receptor you know
simplified explanation so anything that
increases Gaba is going to help you fall
asleep uh obviously don't take drugs you
know I mean I'm going to get straw man
but I'm talking about natural means of
increasing
Gaba uh next we have uh anything that
increases your prate sympathetic nervous
system Mike Tyson not got power right
that's that's going to help you calm
down and fall
asleep uh let's
see which one should I do
next
uh let's say let's pick this one being
exhausted being exhausted before bed
Francis and gak power guys I've been
saying this over and over again the one
of the main reasons why you guys have a
hard time falling asleep is because you
have too much energy you're not
expanding your energy throughout the day
right make sure you exhausted before bed
around 7: to 8:00 p.m. you should be
done with your 10 to 20,000 steps you
should have went to the gym in the
morning you should have done your school
work your cognitive work ran your
business you know spend time with
friends and family you should be
exhausted it is hard to fall asleep when
you do not have high levels of aeny in
your system right so you got to expand
energy throughout the day guys all right
next let's go fast we down to the last
two so blue lights right having blue
lights electrical having artificial
lights in your face at night right never
do this that's going to keep you awake
and unfortunately you guys do this at
night you lay in bed and you have your
phone blasting you know light into your
eyes and you only why you have a hard
time fall to sleep you keeping your
melatonin suppressed and last but not
least eating a big carbohydrate meal not
close to bed time but I would say about
3 hours before bad Francis and ghu Naka
power that's going to knock you the [ __ ]
out right it's going to increase
obviously serotonin it's GNA increase
bactin later on it's G to lower cortisol
it's gonna lower your stress and it's
going to help you fall asleep super fast
all right guys that's it join the school
Community while it's still free and
don't forget to support the channel grab
the ebooks blah blah blah I'm out
