hey guys what's going on Megan here all
right let's take a quick look at this
poll that I put about two weeks ago um
and let's see what the answers are right
we're just gonna read the comments
it's gonna be a lot of dumb and small
comments in here but anyway which
protein source is best for boosting
testosterone and muscle mass right A
little quiz here and it was between
chicken and red meat and out of 5 000
votes 90 percent of people selected red
meat
um you guys obviously watch my channel
so this this is not shocking but Jesus
ten percent smeagle [ __ ] picked
uh chicken
um and by the way this is powerful pound
comparison if you think chicken is best
for boosting testosterone naturally than
red meat all else equal right then
you're out of your goddamn mind you need
to subscribe to my channel and watch but
anyway let's read the comments All right
so let's see
um
imagine thinking chicken is the best
yeah yeah I mean guys that's the reason
why
um that's one of the main reasons why
this last one there was a solo right
it's because the fitness industry's full
of [ __ ] I've been telling you guys for a
long time the fitness industry is full
of [ __ ] it's full of right-headed
[ __ ] guys on trt you guys on
PDS the guys with the legion headaches
trying to tell you guys how to build
muscle naturally or how to optimize male
Health you know the [ __ ] irony right
it's like a guy in a [ __ ] Iron Man
suit trying to tell you guys how to fly
you know so stupid but um yeah you know
um I was I remember when I was younger I
used to believe all the [ __ ] oh
chicken breasts you know eat chicken
breasts and rice and broccoli and you
know you're gonna be fine uh you know
obviously they leave out the fact that
they're inject in grams of roids but
um yes
chicken is trash compared to red meat
when it comes to testosterone again that
doesn't mean chicken is useless you know
there are there are some remember guys
there are pros and console every Foods
right so I could give you guys all the
good things about chicken
but when you're natural when you're on
the budget or when you're just trying to
optimize performance and you have a
limited amount of calories to work with
a limited amount of protein macros to
work with you got to pick uh you know
quality over quantity right and chicken
breasts and chicken thigh is so bad when
it comes to nutrient density compared to
red meat guys and it's not even close if
you want to make a video go into the
details you guys know I don't just speak
out of my eyes right years and years and
years and years of experience and data
and science to back up every single
thing that I say it's not even close and
I think that's one of the reasons why a
lot of natties are struggling with
muscle mass fat loss energy motivation
whatever you know Low T [ __ ] because you
guys are eating I mean just look at your
diets put your average diet in
chronometer and you'll see what I'm
talking about right
chicken breasts and and and and it's
it's so low in nutrients compared to red
meat you know five ounces of chicken
breast compared to five ounces of red
meat so steak
um lamb goat
it's night and day but anyway let's
let's keep reading the comments
um oh it says op to her absolutely
always is a super Opie in fact oysters
are soapy that you don't even need a lot
you only need like one ounce of oysters
a day and you know in fact you could eat
half an ounce of oysters a day and
you're getting a ton of selenium uh you
know you're getting obviously getting
[ __ ] on the zinc
um but anyway let's let's stay focused
here
next started doing the carnival diet in
December and within the month my frame
filled out
um what they had wanted to add from
training I eat red meat every day
um let's see hey I'm not a big fan of
Carnival diet again every diet has its
pros and cons there's a lot of good
things about the carnival diet it makes
you guys eat actual nutrient dense foods
so you know Meats liver things like that
but I'm not a fan of extreme diets where
you leave out the entire food groups for
example on the Carnival diet you're
gonna have to supplement with so much
[ __ ] because you're not getting enough
antioxidants you're not getting
um because obviously you're gonna need
that from your berries and [ __ ]
um you're not getting enough nuts and I
don't want to hear [ __ ] about oh nuts
have this and nuts
that's not how you analyze foods but
yeah so the carnival diet has its own
issues right your ssbg is going to be
super [ __ ] high uh because your
carbon check is so low your testosterone
the cortisol ratio is also going to be
off because your cortisol is going to be
so damn High especially after the gym
um but anyway
uh but yeah good thing about the
carnival diet is people actually eat
more red meat which is so [ __ ] goated
uh and no I don't want to hear about red
meaties expensive guys red meat is not
expensive when you look at nutrient
density in fact chicken I repeat chicken
is more expensive than red meat if you
look at nutrient density so if you look
at how much you're paying for the
nutrients within chicken you're actually
paying more for chicken and you are for
red meat right
let's go and divine motion [ __ ] you got
the footies out all right red meat is
nice and everything it has its place in
the diet I'm not saying it's bad but
just don't overdo that shake it really
mess with your cardio gosh
Godly I hate these freaking comments
there is an inverted u-curve to
everything I repeat there's an inverter
U curve to everything that means
anything good for you becomes bad if you
eat too much of it right there's an
inverter you curve to everything even
water water one of the most goaded
substances for life and hypertrophy and
testosterone too much water you're gonna
piss out your electrolytes you're gonna
die water poisoning eventually that does
not mean that water is bad for you right
oxygen too much oxygen will [ __ ] kill
you
okay there's an inverter U curve to
every single thing that is good it's not
a single thing that is good for you that
does not become bad if you overdo it I I
challenge you to find one even put even
too much [ __ ] will [ __ ] kill you but
anyway
let's keep going um so yeah so please
stop these stupid ass comments right oh
the moment I mentioned something oh this
is good for you this always gotta be
this [ __ ] smart ass [ __ ] that comes
in don't overdo it don't overdo it who's
saying you gotta overdo anything
okay anything that you do too much of is
bad for you too much training will kill
you too much lifting too much cardio too
much sleeping will make you tired
right sleep 20 hours a day and you're
gonna feel like [ __ ] okay so ah man I
get so mad it's always it's like that
one kid in the classroom you guys know
what I'm talking about is that one kid
in the classroom that wants to stand out
so bad he wants to show to everybody and
the teacher that he's so smart that he
always has something to say right the
teacher is like oh uh the scar is blue
and he'll raise his [ __ ] hand wham
wham you know addressing these glasses
and [ __ ] well technically this goes my
booster Reflection from the blah blah
blah [ __ ] off bruh
anyway gee my ADHD kicked in and I went
off topic let's keep going actually no
plan based me
oh no plan based meat is ultimately
better for your health the CDC just said
Lucky Charms are healthy and in red meat
um
yeah I'm hoping he's uh he's trolling
with that first sentence playing bass
meat is ultimately bad for you I'm not
gonna I'm not gonna respond to that
because
I'm literally gonna go shopping next
Imagine choosing a chicken breast a
chicken breast over chicken thighs or
facts facts if you're gonna eat chicken
at least eat chicken thigh guys fat is
good for you oh fat is good in fact you
guys cut your fat down so much and it's
destroying your testosterone levels your
body needs fats the reason why your
favorite bodybuilder doesn't eat a lot
of fats and they eat like 20 grams of
fat and [ __ ] is because they're on trt
their own testosterone
oh obviously you know [ __ ] on the
roads right when you're already
injecting testosterone from an outside
source of course you don't need all the
building blocks that makes testosterone
it's common freaking sense all right
let's try to get so mad when I see a
fake Natty or an influencer giving
advice while they're on [ __ ] voice it
drives me insane it drives me insane
because what works for them will not
work for you
they don't need to worry about zinc and
this and and and and Colleen and and
monounsaturated fats and none of that
why because they injecting this [ __ ]
Meanwhile your body will not produce as
much testosterone if your fat is too low
if you're I I have so many videos on
this but whatever
um
guys you have no idea how much I hate to
finish industry I hate it so much so
much so much misinformation man so much
misinformation everybody just talks out
of the ass you know no facts right just
pure oh well this works for me n equals
one so it should work for you too
anyway uh it has to be me bro liver a
lot of nutrients they're high in protein
your liver is good but again liver was
not in comparison chicken
is present food they're best used for
eggs
um yeah that's the funny part is that
eggs are absolutely goated
um and they come from a chicken right so
if you're gonna eat anything chicken
related eat the goddamn Max right all
right confidently Trucking out a bison
filling half a pound of grass-fed beef
or rice sweet potato let's go let's go
now let me hunt this
next what about Beyond burgers and
cheetosis right
I'm dying uh I like your sense of humor
um
soybeans
yo I I love these comments guys
um soybeans I like the song
I love this sarcasm tofu read more just
kidding um
yeah I love guys with sense of humor man
you know life is life is too painful You
Gotta Laugh You Gotta Laugh from time to
time I love what Napoleon say Napoleon
Bonaparte you know one of the greatest
generals that ever lived you know he
said you must um
you must laugh at men to avoid crying
for him and that's so deep because it's
so true you know
um anyway uh God guys
stick to the [ __ ] Pole right
I said chicken versus red meat uh B
vitamins brother insect drug control
insects actually pretty good you know
they actually have a lot of protein but
that's the topic for a whole different
video
um no idea I don't eat meat and my
transitions are right sure here's a
[ __ ] cookie next carbs
red meat has more cholesterol nutrients
based all right red meat let's go let's
go he knows what he's talking about do
you mean cow me I said red meat it means
you know again obviously bison and and
cow meat and stuff like that it's great
but it also includes you know gold and
lamb and things like that
so for
tofu and soy is more optimal than both
oh God you guys gotta chill man red meat
two none best for Quality level uh
protein price um
not really um if I actually don't talk
about fish it's actually salmon but I'm
giving away answers for the upcoming
quiz
red meat due to the micronutrients like
higher zinc and whatnot but I'm a soy
boy for life so I'm gonna say tofu to be
a control
uh next I don't eat red meat especially
cow meat gets me gassy every time with a
particular smell [ __ ] you just stink
bro and to meat is less tasty and harder
to chew it's Vanishing comparable
absolutely I don't trust steak damn it
is the only way I mean I eat yeah I mean
you know here's red meat
um
but yeah guys I love your feedback you
know it's it's [ __ ] hilarious Yes Man
how many times I read it it's just a dad
laughing every time but yes you guessed
it the answer is red meat red meat is
infinitely better than chicken if you
want I'm gonna make a video where I'll
show you guys exactly the the pound for
pound comparison every nutrient you know
every load each other so I read me blows
chicken out the water right and like I
said if you factor in the nutrient
density it's not as expensive as you
think you know especially if you look at
the fact that it has more zinc more more
color machine more taurine more more
carnitine uh obviously you know better
fat profile
you know it also has choline I mean red
meat guys you want to optimize
testosterone you want to optimize energy
muscle mass
um you want to have good functioning
mitochondria you want to optimize mental
health eat red meat obviously in
moderation right everything has to be
done in moderation
um but yeah yeah if you want a video
where I'll show you guys the the
comparison red meat against chicken
pound for pound and I saw all the the
key nutrients right you see exactly what
I'm talking about but anyway if you want
that comment below and uh go ahead and
answer the next quizzes and polls
whatever because I'm gonna make a lot
more of these videos while I go through
your comments and see what everyone is
oh don't forget to join the Discord we
have hilarious conversations informative
conversations things that we can't talk
about on YouTube because we're going to
get banned things that we can't talk
about on Reddit because I'm gonna get
canceled so join the Discord
um if you have any video ideas post them
there we have a very great Community
there like I said it's all about
self-improvement solo by becoming better
conquering 2023 three and becoming
better versions of ourselves all right
I'm out here alright guys don't forget
to like or share the video subscribe and
hit the bell and by my HSB nucleus of a
little training program she ultimate
program for maximum muscle growth it
includes full body workout splits bro
splits push-pull home workouts you name
it also comes with a complete guide for
macros nutrition fat loss monster growth
hormones including a meal plan it's
pretty much all my 16 years of
experience condensed into one [ __ ]
book you're also gonna get free copies
of any future Edition so visit
team3dalpha.com and you can use the 40
off coupon code nucleus overload or you
could just buy the share full price all
right guys I'm out of here
