hey guys what's going on Megan here all
right so let's say you want to measure
your testosterone levels um but you
can't afford it or you know the issues
that the limitations that destone test
gives you um this is the perfect video
for you so let's say you're an athlete
or you're a regular guy you work out or
you just care about your health in
general or you trying to maximize muscle
growth who cares and you want to have a
way to assess um your net Androgen
status your tea levels then these are
what I believe you should focus on based
on my experience and obviously because
I've been both at the high end and the
low end of the tasal range so I know
exactly uh what works what doesn't work
on top of coaching endless people right
so these are the markers that are even
more accurate than taking a test sty on
blood test right so before I go into
this for the new guys the beginners or
the guys who are not caught up to my
videos two things you got to know about
test Stone right number one when you
measuring your testosterone levels right
I have to say testosterone because I
have to dumb things down for the
beginners but when you're measuring your
testone levels the number itself doesn't
mean anything it doesn't mean much what
you're really measuring is net enogen
status you're trying to figure out if
you actually have uh the the the outcome
of high testosterone right so when we
say 1,000 nram per deil we say oh high
testosterone low testosterone what we're
really referring to is uh the effects of
high testosterone the effects of low
testosterone right meaning if you have
high total testosterone in in the blood
right on your test results but you don't
have the symptoms or the signs that come
with that then it's useless same way if
you have low testosterone levels right
in your blood test but you feel great
you have a great sex drive you build
muscle fast then it doesn't matter what
your blood test shows you right so
that's the first thing you guys have to
understand is I use the word
testosterone to refer to net Androgen
status which is really what matters the
second thing you have to know is that a
reason why testosterone blood tests are
inaccurate for the most part is
testosterone is always fluctuating if
you're natural testosterone is always
going up and down so your tea levels in
the morning and now your tea levels an
hour later 2 hours later after you eat
after you see a a woman after you talk
to guys it's constantly going up and
down because it's a homone right it's
not constantly elevated now if you're on
TT is different right it's one of the
reasons why trt is banned even though it
push your testost on levels in a quote
unquote normal range it's banned by
water why because it keeps your tea
level stable meanwhile when you're
natural your tea levels are up down up
down depending on what you do when
you're on LT you don't have that issue
because no matter what you eat no matter
how poor your sleep is no matter how
overtrained you are yourt levels are
stable and constant until your next in
you know injection of course all right
so let's get that out of the way now if
T levels are not accurate because of
what I just explained right they
fluctuate up and down and they don't
they also don't reflect your neten
status then what is an accurate way to
estimate or measure your tone levels at
home and this is what this till list is
for
right so let me give you guys an example
let's pick
uh let's pick something here for example
actually and by the way when I say free
a lot of these things are free or you
could borrow them you could get them
from somebody else who has them or if
you want to pay for them they're very
affordable very cheap I'm not sponsored
by any of these companies you could just
buy it and uh it will last you a
lifetime if not several years okay um so
let's say what's something you guys are
familiar with um let's say your VO2 max
right your V2 Max I'm going to put that
at very good right your V2 Max is
something you can measure at home you
can measure at any time you could
calculate whatever and it's a very very
good predictor of your testosterone
levels right of course it's not a one
toone correlation none of the things
here have a one toone correlation um
because a lot of other factors are
involved but all SQL your V2 Max is a
very good predictor of your T levels
right for many reasons right you know
watch my videos on what this Stone does
do red blood cell production and uh um
hard function stamina all those things
right remember testas is a warrior
hormone as well as a sex hormone so it
increases everything that makes you a
better fighter there's the reason why
you know MMA MMA fighters other the
athletes will take uh you know testone
to increase their red blood cells or
they'll just take EPO right they they'll
skip a step and go straight for EPO uh
the St one
increases your um your stamina and all
your you know performance markers when
it comes to endurance and things like
that it's not just muscle mass everyone
thinks it's just muscle mass so your V2
Max is a very very good not only it's a
good predictor of longevity but it's
also a very good predictor of your net
endogen status right and you see if your
T levels go down your V2 Max will tank
if your T levels go up your V2 Max will
tend to go up as well same thing with
your cortisol right because remember net
net Androgen status is all of your
androgens as well as your anabolic
hormones divided by your anti- androgens
right that includes cortisol and all
things that [ __ ] up your um the
catabolic hormone so V2 Max cheap
affordable you can literally calculate
it right now as you're watching this
video you can pause the video if you
know your resting heart rate you can
figure out what your V2 Max is okay uh
another one right so let's say your
aggression levels let's say you wake up
one day you know assuming that you drank
you ate whatever and you feel really not
aggression in the bad sense right I'm
not talking about you want to go out
there and and uh you
know and snap people [ __ ] up I'm talking
about just positive aggression wanting
to conquer life to you know uh get
things done right that is a very very
good sign uh that for that time slot you
know for that snapshot in time your net
enogen status is high and in Reverse is
also true right the moment your net
Androgen status drops your aggression
your motivation for status your
motivation for you know they will also
tank okay um this one is very very very
underrated but it is a great predictor
of your T levels and that is your pump
I'm going to put that that at good right
if you get a sick pump right from
obviously from working out uh but very
easily that's a very good sign that you
have a good aner status you know and
that's obviously you know it's Common
Sense testone increases nitric oxide
production and activity um and also if
you're insulin sensitive then you're
going to have great pums especially
after eating Cobbs and you know things
like that you guys know what I'm talking
about sometimes you eat CS you just feel
your body swelling um that's a great
sign of insulin sensitivity and sure
enough insulin sensitivity is one of the
biggest predictors of testosterone
levels so instead of taking a blood test
to measure your insulin levels and all
those other things you could just look
at how easy it is for you to get a pump
you know and that's assuming that you
well hydrated because you know the
reason I'm not putting it higher is
because too many things can also you
know impact your pump right citrin Aline
levels sodium things like that but all
else equal uh when your T levels are
high your pumps are orgasmic right and
sure enough I coach people that on
steroids course people who are natural
the and also coach people who used to be
Natty got on the juice and also people
that went the other way people that were
on the juice and became Natty so that's
why I have so much data to work with and
sure enough guys that hop on the juice
one of the first things that tell me is
holy [ __ ] Megan my pump on pump Day by
the way my program is HP training we
have a a whole day dedicated to the pump
um their pumps are insane the reverse is
also true right when they hop off the
juice and they do the exact same workout
same diet same whatever their pumps of
no where they used to be right and of
course we know the mechanisms behind
that right um so you know the igf1 is
involved you know all those things but
yeah so that's a very good sign of your
net enogen status you know good sign
that is next your counter movement jump
cmj that one is very good another thing
that's very underrated not only that
assesses your uh um your recovery status
but it's also a great sign of net Inogen
status for the simple fact that tesas
throne and the other ens as well as DHC
increase neuromuscular efficiency right
um so if you know this and you could do
this anywhere literally you could just
wake up test your counter movement jump
you know you could use tape to like see
where your average or peak level is you
can put on the wall and you could test
it every morning you can test it
throughout the day if you notice that is
a big big drop in your um in your level
your count your cmj then that's a sign
that your neten status all L SQL of
course uh could be taken ahead right
remember testone increases speed power
through the same mechanisms right it
increases calcium entry into the cells
it increases neural muscular efficiency
it reduces action potential uh
refractory period uh I can go on and on
it affects polarization depolarization
blah blah blah right so very very good
sign um very good predictor of net
Androgen status next you have uh you
have depression right so let's say you
uh you wake up and you know you feel
depressed um you're losing your desire
to to live you know again obviously
hoping hoping you're not trying to end
things but you know what I mean like you
wake up and you know your mood is
garbage um and you just you just lose it
right you just have no interest in
anything um that one is actually a very
very good sign of loading that Androgen
status right of course other factors
could play a role this applies to
everything here um but just St on
especially DHT plays a huge role in your
mood your well-being and your symptoms
of depression again all else equal right
if you're freaking gradiz and you
depressed that doesn't mean necessarily
that you have low tea right um and of
course it's because testosterone and
obviously DHD you know have many many
many effects not only on dopamine
function but also dopamine Transporters
and DHD converts to metabolites that
also activate the Gaba receptor so um
that sorry that impact Gaba
signaling so uh yeah depression is of
their appetite now most people don't
know this but just that's one increases
your appetite which makes sense you know
it does the same thing in humans and in
other animals but I'm going to put that
at descent that's not a good sign of net
Androgen status for the simple fact that
you might just be a fat [ __ ] right obese
people love to eat that doesn't mean
they have high tea right so that's why
I'm not going to put it high even though
as your testone increases your appetite
tends to follow the the correlation is
not as strong um there's cation but
again it's not uh you know too many
factors can muddy the waters
next so let's say you wake up one day
and your ambition is through the roof
you know you have very high ambition you
want to conquer everything very similar
to the aggression part here but here's
just your ambition right how big your
goals are that is a very very good sign
that your net Androgen status regardless
of what your T levels are on paper is
good right uh let's go fast now here we
have your power output all right power
output you could try air bike right on
the S bike um anything that matter
measur Watts you know um that one is a
very good
sign of your net Engen status for the
reasons that I explained earlier this
start one increases neurom muscular
efficiency it increases speed it
increases power um and it also increases
uh you know uh your pain threshold so
that's a very very good sign of high net
in status and the reverse is also true
if you wake up one day and you try to do
a 10 to 30 second test right on your
assault bike or you know anything that
allows you to uh measure your watts and
you see a substantial drop in
performance yeah something's wrong right
either your T levels are going down or
your cortisol levels are going up or you
know something else along that along
that
line next we have uh reaction time right
so let's say your reaction time which is
easy you you could download an app to
measure your reaction time or you could
use the ruler test that one is cheap
right have somebody drop the ruler blah
blah blah you can look this guys it's
very easy but not this is a good good
sign of uh net enogen status right
people don't know this but testone does
affect reaction time it's not high on
the list because there are again many
other factors that influence reaction
time people with fast reaction times are
not necessarily super super it right
there's many exceptions but that's a
very good way to uh to test your net
enogen status and sure enough if you're
Nas right neten status goes down then
you're going to notice that your
performance on any reaction time test
will also go down next we have your
willpower right so let's say again your
willpower is to the roof one day you you
willing to do hard things you uh no Team
No Excuses then that is also a good sign
of high net Androgen status right but
again I'm not going to put it high for
many reasons you know it's also very
hard to objetive to to quantify um in an
objective manner what your willp power
is Right meanwhile something like VO2
max is a number right um next we have
your I believe this one yeah your
resting wait this one okay yeah your
resting heart rate right your resting
heart rate I'm going to put that decent
right it's a decent
proxy um for your net inen status reason
why it's not higher is because that is
influenced by so many things in fact the
reason why it's not even it's not low on
the list is simply because of the you
know the things that the effects that
theone has on your uh cardiovascular
function and you know uh your ability to
uh uh for your heart to pump blood into
your you know to the rest of your body
blah blah blah but I'm not going to put
it higher for the simple fact that you
could be a marathon runner you're going
to have crazy low resting heart rate
which is great right but that doesn't
necessarily mean that you it te right so
a lot of things can affect that you know
but you also got to keep in mind that
cortisol and you know being stressed out
is going to increase your resting heart
rate right and obviously High cortisol
means lower that endogen status so it's
still worth looking at right and it's
also used to calculate your VO2 magx so
it's a decent marker um ideally you want
it to be low and by the way comment
below if you want me to make a video
where I explain uh ranges for those
numbers right what range you want to
shoot for all right so now that brings
me to this one right so let's say your
stamina wake up one day your stamina
your cardio very similar to the V2
Maxima let's say your cardio just takes
a huge hit out of nowhere that is
actually a very good sign of uh you know
n Androgen status right there are some
exceptions of course right like the
marathon runner thing that I mentioned
before but usually again there the
reason why you know athletes love EPO
right there a reason why they love uh
training at you know sorry um apart from
training attitud there a reason why they
love using the Staton derivatives to
increase their the red blood cell
production right very very very powerful
uh Stone has a lot of powerful effects
on your on your stamina right your
energy next we have oxygen sat atation
so that's your you can measure that with
a you know uh what is it called uh uh P
something I think it's an oxy meter I
forgot uh in fact I actually have one
here but yeah so it just measures you
know oxygen saturation levels right
obviously the goal is would be around 90
to 100 I'm going to put that at decent
right I was going to put at bad but I'm
going to put that at decent you know
because testone does play a role in
that's mainly through what I explained
earlier right the effects of
testosterone on EPO and red blood cell
production and things like that so you
definitely want that to be within the
range next we have uh erections let's
say your erections you wake up one day
and throughout the day your erections
are terrible right not just erectile
dysfunction but let's say your erections
are weaker they're not as strong as they
used to be that is a very very very good
way to assess I don't care what you to
on on paper if your erection quality is
going
down very very good sign that your net
inent status you know is you know is
impact it because both your androgens
and your anti- androgens play a role in
this right next after eating a meal
right so L after eating a meal you tired
you lethargic now within the first hour
or so that's fine 30 minutes or an hour
but let's say 2 three hours after eating
a meal and again a decent meal I'm not
talking about like a huge buffet or
something but let's say after 30 minutes
to an hour of eating a meal decent sized
meal not too big um you still tired and
sleepy yeah that is a good sign that
something is wrong with with your net
Androgen status right so it's a good
Market that you could use um instead of
buying a blood test right like how do
you feel after
eating and of course the reason is
simple right you know not only the
inflammation inflammation lowers te but
also uh insulin sensitivity and and
things like
that all right let's go yes so your
desire your desire to clap multiple
cheeks right I've talked about that
multiple times remember men are not
monogamous this is just something that
society and religion has on us because
it makes Society better I'm not going to
you know uh deny that but monogamy is
great for a stable Society but
unfortunately it's against our
biological nature um but anyway so your
desire for polygamy your desire to have
multiple sex partners your desire to
have a freaking gen ishan harm you know
that is a very very good sign that your
net status is high that day and sure
enough the reverse is also true if your
tea levels go down your net en status
goes down you're going to lose interest
in um sexual novelty sexual variety and
yes testosterone you know has a clear
dose response relationship with
this uh next your this one I call it the
competitor test right so close your eyes
picture somebody that you hate somebody
that you can't stand or somebody it
doesn't have to be somebody that you
hate it could be a competitor picture a
competitor and then gauge how you feel
if you don't instantly feel the need to
level up and the need to go out and and
exercise or train or work harder right
Accord the competitor test that is a
very very good sign that your net Inogen
status is low and the reverse is also
true if you take the competitor test you
close your eyes or you even look at a
picture of your rival or your or or an
enemy or whatever and then you get this
urge to just go out there and Conquer go
out there and work your ass off and do
things that you hate to do that's a very
good sign that your net Androgen status
is high that day um and the reason is
the reason is very simple I explained
that several times it's because of what
Tason does you megilla serotonin levels
blah blah blah it really it primes your
brain to be very sensitive to status
threats next sweating a lot of people
don't know this but just Stone you know
makes you sweat more you know obviously
other factors also play a role such as
temperature and all those other things
but all else equal there's a vast
difference in sweat production between
men and women and also between High
testost men and low testost men but I'm
going to put that at decent right I
wasn't going to put at B I'm going to
put that at decent right just cuz you
fact I'm going to put that at back right
you know for the sake of this video
right just cuz you're sweating more on
Monday compared to Sunday that does not
necessarily mean that your testost
levels are higher on that day so even
though testosterone does affect sweat
production um it's not something I would
look at as like hey look I'm sweating a
lot today my tea levels must be high no
it could be way too many things next
your blood pressure that one is that
good it's a very very good sign of your
net andr status not just because testas
on have plays a role in nitric oxide
blood flow function but cortisol as well
cortisol increases the [ __ ] out of your
blood pressure um but you know it's not
higher because there sodium there's you
know uh genetics you know um a lot of a
lot of things can increase your blood
pressure without impacting your neten
status so but I still believe that every
man should have a blood tester I mean
sorry uh what the [ __ ] am I saying I'm
so tired uh every man should have a
blood uh blood pressure monitor at home
they're very cheap very affordable and
it'll last you a [ __ ] lifetime um not
to mention you want to live long you
should [ __ ] know your blood pressure
what the [ __ ] all right next you have
your heart rate variability your HRV if
you can find again I'm not sponsored by
any of these products or watches but if
you can find a good way to measure your
HRV holy [ __ ] that one is a very very
very good uh gauge for your net Androgen
status very good because it it also it's
impacted not just by your androgens but
a lot of your anti-androgens especially
cortisol also impact your HRV obviously
you want it to be high not low
um higher your HRV the better the more
relaxed and calm you
are and uh yeah so next we have uh
losing interest in sex right this one
is very very good sign uh if your sex
driver is low uh you know um I call it
the bad [ __ ] test right so what you do
is you pull up a picture of some of a
woman that you know normally turns you
on I don't care if it's one of your
[ __ ] ass Instagram models I don't care
who it is pull out a picture of a female
that typically turns you the [ __ ] on and
gauge your reaction if that day at that
point in time you not interested not
Hony that's a very very very big sign
that your net in status is low remember
the goal of testosterone it is a sex
hormone it is the goal of testosterone
is to help you reproduce and it makes
your brain very sensitive to cues of uh
you know of anything that has to do with
sex right there the reason why when you
doing puberties when porn addiction goes
through the roof right duh there also
the reason why when men get castrated
that sex drive and po consumption goes
down so uh very very good sign right I
call it the bad [ __ ] test right look up
and again if it doesn't work with one
woman try another woman because remember
testest also increases you know sexual
the desire for sexual conquest and
multiple partners so try it multiple
times try one chick doesn't work try
another one you might be bored of that
[ __ ] that day and if after trying a bad
[ __ ] test on three different women you
still don't feel anything you're not
getting aroused you're not getting an
erection holy [ __ ] something is wrong um
so definitely do the usual you know
checklist look at your 10 to Stone
Commandments check out the video If you
haven't and see what you're doing wrong
maybe should sleep maybe should diet
training lifestyle inflammation whatever
next we have uh yeah Morningwood very
very very good uh way to test right but
again I'm not going to matter of fact
I'm going to put this one at good simply
because you could have you could have
days where you just don't know that you
have Morningwood right people think
Morningwood has to happen right before
you wake up no sometimes it happens in
the middle of the night and you don't
even know it so that's why I'm not going
to put it high for the sake of this
video so even though it's a very very
powerful sign of high high high or low
DHT and T that one as well for the sake
of this video why this video is for ways
to quickly assess I'm not going to put
it higher also because what happens if
you want to know your net Androgen
status at 2 p.m. right you can't morning
wood at 2 p.m. right you're just
chilling so that's why I'm not going to
put it higher you know but in the
morning obviously you know if this was
only in the morning then obviously I
will rank this higher so if your morning
with frequency is going down um let's
say in fact in a video where I explain
the numbers to shoot for I'm going to go
into details so that's a good way to
test at home next you have your fasted
blood sugar I'm going to put this at
very good right and this is fasted blood
sug meaning when you wake up in morning
test it again it's very cheap very cheap
you're not going to feel the pain um you
know barely hurts uh you could buy the
[ __ ] test strips to Walmart or I
think some places give it out for
free um I think even your insurance
gives it to you for free but anyway
double check that one but that's a good
sign mainly because uh it measures your
insulin sensitivity and remember if your
insulin sensitivity is trash your net
enogen status will tank so measure your
uh your fasted blood sugar either in the
morning or 3 hours after meal if 3 hours
after meal it's still super elevated
again I'm going to make the video where
I explain what numbers to shoot for then
something is
wrong um let's see the one mile run test
right you just go running for one mile
and if you notice that on that day your
performance is terrible right I'm going
to put this at good right it's a very
good sign that your net engine status is
off right something's wrong when your
testosterone so let's say you don't run
a mile in I don't know let's say 10
minutes and one day assuming you drink
enough water you had enough sleep or
whatever you go for a run and it takes
you 12 13 minutes holy [ __ ] something is
wrong with your
Nas um and that's ties everything I
explained earlier about the roll of t on
uh you know cardiovascular
function next your willingness to take
risks so again let's say for whatever
reason a day comes by you know you're
not you know and when I said when I say
willingness to take risk guy I'm
referring to good risk right I'm not
saying oh the desire to [ __ ] go
Skydive and or jump off a bridge no just
if you're a Trader you know taking risk
in trading approaching women approaching
strangers uh standing up for yourself at
work or whatever you know a lot of you
guys that your bosses bully you around
so if for whatever reason your
willingness to take risks go up goes up
or down that's a good good proxy for
your net engine status I'm going to put
this one up very good as well see a lot
of stuff isn't very good I want to make
sure this taist that a lot of high
quality
options next your temperature I want to
put this at bat right temperature is not
a good matter of fact I can't put that b
because uh yeah I want to put this B
right it's not a good sign you engine
status now I'm not going to put that
very bad for the simple fact that
testosterone does impact temperature um
but so does so many freaking things it
could just be [ __ ] hot as [ __ ] right
your temperature is going to go up and
you're going to be like oh my god look
you know some right so temperature is
not a good sign
um of course you you don't want any
extremes right you don't want the
temperature to be too high that might be
a sign of inflammation u a fever and
that's obvious going to tank your te and
you also don't want your temperature to
be too low right but I'm not going to
use that uh you know as a sign of your
net Androgen status you know although
you know there's a there's a link there
next you have
your uh what's this one the
[ __ ] this this is why this is the
downside of like not having a script as
much as I completely forget what the
[ __ ] is on the
list uh what's oh yeah yeah oh yeah this
one is high energy okay yeah so high
energy right so let's say you get up one
day and your energy levels is super high
through the roof you just want to go
ahead and conquer the world you want to
run you want to work out holy [ __ ] that
is one of the biggest
signs of high testosterone and the
reverse is also true right so it's a
great way to assess your net engine
status and at the end of the video by
the way I'm going to take some from here
and put them even higher on the list so
stay tuned so if your energy levels are
super high I don't care what you T
levels are you're doing fine right like
I always say signs and symptoms are more
important in blood
tests next let's say you smell right one
day for whatever reason strong body odor
I know even though just Stone affects
body order that is not a good sign on
that Androgen status guys sometimes you
just smell like ass right so I'm going
to put this at very bad do not use smell
you know as an excuse like oh yeah I
read a study with the stone body order I
just have high teeth no maybe you just
dirty as [ __ ] right do not use this as a
gauge of your n status if you smell bad
take a shower use some deodorant you
know or deal with it right so that's not
a good
marker next anxiety right if you have
anxiety one day you know you just I'm
not talking about like normal fear where
something bad happens you no I'm talking
about just anxiety chronic anxiety uh or
you or you overly stressed about things
that normally don't um bother you right
then yeah that is a good proxy that
something is impacting your net and
status not to mention Theo is going to
[ __ ] things
up next we have your refractory period
so let's say after clapping cheeks or
after being your me or whatever you guys
do you find out that it takes you a long
time to reset it takes you a long time
to bust the next nut holy [ __ ] that is a
very good sign very good marker of uh
net engine status men that are very high
te have very short refractory periods
you know they'll bust another and like
boom in a few minutes ready to go again
meanwhile the reverse is also true right
men that have very very low net energy
and Status are knock the [ __ ] out for
hours after busting up right the
prolactin is way too high relative to
their te as well as you know um a bunch
of other things so that is definitely a
good marker right next we have
procrastination but this one I'm going
to put this one at decent right because
it depends right you might just have
ADHD right now if you procrastinating on
something that's going to increase your
Social Status then yeah that's a big big
red flag as far as that Androgen status
goes but if you procrastinate on stuff
like taking out the trash walking a dog
that nothing to do with your
Nas next we have your performance in the
gym say Everything feels heavier you
just feel tired the weights feel like
they're 20 lbs earier than they usually
are blah blah blah that is definitely a
good sign uh it's definitely a good
marker uh for n status I'm not putting
in higher for the simple fact that you
can't test that at home you can just I
mean yeah you could get up and try to do
pull-ups and push-ups but this one was
mainly referring to lifts in the gym and
last but not least you have your hand
grip strength that one is in Ms all that
is out of everything here this is the
biggest predictor of your net Androgen
status and I already went into the
details why watch those videos so I
don't repeat myself long story short
there's a ton of literature on this a
ton of studies on this not only measures
the funny thing is grip strength is even
a good predictor of your sperm function
think about that right so it measures
your uh your neogen status your cortisol
it factors in your lgf-1 levels it
factors in your your uh your t2c ratio
your DHT you know for many reasons right
not just because of muscle mass and all
that stuff but mainly because like I
said earlier testone impacts
neuromuscular efficiency it impacts
calcium entry into cells uh you know and
even without the enogen receptor
testosterone and DHD still finds ways to
increase power output so very very good
predictor and you could test this not
only I've seen it with my clients I've
seen it with myself you know you could
test this at any moment do anything that
tanks your testosterone like the same
day not even the same day like within
the same hour and you see a huge drop in
your grip strength the reverse is also
true do something that increases your te
I mean even my clients who want Peds I
mean they'll take Anadrol they'll take
you know super draw or or you know any
uh you know any short eser you know
compound and then boom that group stram
just skyrockets you know so very very
again if you don't believe me look up
the studies or test it out for yourself
but again I'm not sponsored by any of
these companies so I have zero zero
incentive to like so I think every man
should have a dynamometer it's cheap
it's like 20 to 30 bucks you can get it
for free you know if your friend has it
borrow it and uh it's a great great
marker uh and it's better on the blood
test you know because like said blood
test have limitations all right guys
hope this video helps I got to go to the
gym
