foreign
once again I told you guys every [ __ ]
thing under the site if I'm studying
muscle mass I'm looking at every every
occurrence of muscle mass whether it's
animals humans Birds insects uh which
fit into the animal category obviously
human super
um every sport you could think about
everywhere I see how personal feel I
will study it right textbooks journals
uh sometimes you know magazines every
now and then because you once again like
I said people can't spit 100 [ __ ]
right anyone who tells you 100 lies is
not gonna have a a a big following so
even somebody wants to lie to you they
still have to tell you a little bit of
the truth for them to gain your trust
and that's what I go for and because of
my extensive you know because of my
extensive studies I'm able to tell when
they're lining up
um so yeah so I study everything right
you can't just limit your your um your
learning to just to just uh one source
because if that source is flawed then
you [ __ ] all right next a full body
workouts at home can be already answered
that
uh
uh got back loading with it with no
10-day prep face is it still effective
without the 10 day preface I will do the
chain depression I would do it to be
honest I'm trying to tell people not to
do it but the difference is insane you
got to do it especially if you have
insulin resistance you have a very high
body fat percentage not saying the two
uh you know
um
but most of the time when you buy for
pretend it's too high you have some kind
of insulin problem going on either left
in resistance or insulin resistance but
the 10-day prep phase helps eliminate
all that [ __ ] right and it it makes your
body really really [ __ ] good at
handling carbs so I'll do it
uh definitely next next video question
why do you need to back off from nucleus
overload uh after a week is it basically
just for Recovery purposes I explained
that um it's yeah basically for record
purposes and it's also M2 you want to
reset M2 mammalian Target of rapamycin
right the more you train is pretty much
just the engine I made a video about it
it's the engine that generates
the house protein Genesis kick on right
and the more you train chronic training
over and over and over again the less
responsively it becomes the less
effective it becomes and when you take a
deep training week or day training you
know
um cycle what happens is when you come
back it's not only reactivated at a
better efficiency but it's stronger than
it was before that's why a lot of people
that get into accidents from Sports
rugby whatever and take on voluntary
time off when they come back not only
they get the muscle the muscle back you
know muscle memory but they get bigger
and stronger than the rest of the
players who never got injured which is
very interesting if you don't believe me
look it up a lot of people who got into
accidents it couldn't work out for two
three months come back not only to catch
up to their previous shots but they get
bigger and stronger it's amazing and the
scientists find out once again you know
it's MTO mtos a lot of other things are
involved but M2 is really mainly
responsible for that
um he needs time off you can't keep mtol
you can't keep your engine activated 24
7 guys you need time on it's it's very
painful though it's hard all right
taking my 10 days off from the gym kills
me you're supposed to go for like two to
three weeks
uh let's see
video question leucine by itself versus
BCAAs once again I'm not big on
supplements anymore but if you have to I
would say BCAAs you know because BCS
have Lucine
um and why would you join I mean I know
Lucian is more important it's the most
powerful one if you take Lucian you
pretty much get to go as far as protein
sentences but just take the BCAAs just
for you know just for the [ __ ] up if the
price difference is not that much
then I take BCAAs because you get
everything else uh but if the price
difference is significant and you got to
pick one and leucine is uh
uh is slightly cheaper I'll go for
losing
uh actually no I'm [ __ ] talking about
I go for BCAAs I'm trying to go for
BCAAs
um only take loosen by myself if it's
really [ __ ] cheap and Lucian is not
next next next and pretty much I don't
know once again I'm asking you a
question but you really if your question
was do you need it you really don't
right you get you get a lot of that from
your protein sources
next next next uh but it does help you
ship the money for it video question
frequency of volume for hypertrophy
for instance though in three sets three
times a week for arms or doing six to
seven sets twice a week good question
um
damn that's a really good question I
don't know I don't [ __ ] know
frequency is very important for muscle
mass obviously I mean it's my whole
nucleus overload thing is all around
frequency and volume is also very
important damn baby mama
what you doing
that's for sure
uh so frequency is very important volume
is also very important and so the best
is to combine them right uh
so three says three times a week for
arms I don't think that's enough bro I
mean it depends on how I change your
training what exercises you're doing I
would say 67 sets twice a week that one
looks [ __ ] good
that one looks good so go for the six
and seven sets twice a week
if um I'm assuming you've been training
for a while now you know so your ability
to recover is pretty good but always go
for more
hmm
three times three is nine
six times two yeah so yeah you're
getting more volume from that I always
go for where you get the most volume but
at the same time
most volume most frequency but at the
same time good recovery you want to add
some
yeah come on
you have
