hey guys what's going on megan here one
of the most popular questions i get is
is it even important to try to know your
genetics is it important to show you
know your institute try to know your
genetics does that even matter in the
long term
absolutely and i'm gonna explain to you
why in this video after this video
you're going to know exactly why
the younger you are the sooner you want
to try to discover what your genetic
strengths are and it's not just for
sports this you could apply this to
everything in life because remember guys
success in life is all about finding
something that you excel at genetically
and working extremely hard at it right
success is genetics plus hard work right
obviously environment and opportunity
plays a huge role but the research on
this is clay especially in sports right
i'm going to use sports as an example
but like i said you could apply this to
everyday life right remember in sports
66 of the variance in sports performance
is due to genes that's two-thirds of the
variance that is massive right so when
you see athletes out there
no matter what the sport is just know
that when the biggest contributor not
fifty percent of the virus sixty-six
percent of the variance is explained by
genes i know people hate to hear that
because we were always told since we're
kids that as long as you believe in
something and as long as you work hard
enough you could achieve anything
[ __ ] right the journey is going to
be extremely hard for you if you go into
a domain where you do not have the
genetics for it because you're going to
have to work so much more harder than
the average person just to get half of
the results but anyway let's get started
first of all most people forget that
ronnie coleman
the greatest bodybuilder of all time
arguably wanted to be an accountant
right he went to school for accounting
he graduated with a degree in accounting
can you imagine if ronico one of the
most genetically gifted people to walk
the earth
as far as being a hyper responder to
training and a hyperresponder to
steroids can you imagine if it was your
accountant
working at i don't know [ __ ] turbo
tax or some [ __ ] right imagine you're
filing your taxes on turbo tax and then
you call for for help and an accountant
picks up and it's ronnie coming's like
hey buddy hey buddy how can i help can
you imagine if he had went that route
instead of pursuing bodybuilding right
it took brian dobson to recognize him
one day in a gym and say holy [ __ ] you
should try our bodybuilding brian
epstein had to convince ronnie everyone
knows a story he had to convince ronnie
to to try bodybuilding
manny was like ah no you know i don't
want to do it whatever and brian was
like alright fine i give you a free
yearly membership or something like that
before ronnie finally agreed long story
short you guys know what happened he
made history eight mr olympia titles one
of the hottest prestigious awards in any
sport mr olympia has been around for
decades and has only been 16 winners so
just think about how hard it is to win a
missile aimed your title yet if brian
dobson had not discovered him rodney
would be doing your taxes instead let's
look at arnold same thing amazing
genetics his father wanted him to be a
police officer
his mom wanted him to go to trade school
can you imagine
if arnold had not discovered his genetic
potential and
tried bodybuilding he changed the face
of bodybuilding forever but imagine if
he had decided to become a police
officer instead history would have went
a completely different way chances are
me and you probably wouldn't be in the
gym right now because he literally
changed the face of bodybuilding forever
and made it mainstream right and sure
enough i dare anybody to say that oh no
didn't have amazing genetics obviously
he was juiced up of course you know we
all know that but still once again if
you watch my videos i explained this a
million times not everyone who takes
steroids it looks the same way just like
not everyone who follows the same
training program gets the same results
you have to be a hyper responder to to
drugs to become an elite bodybuilder so
imagine if you had wasted those genetics
in a different sport or in a different
career right same thing with michael
jordan i'm gonna make a whole video
michael jordan one day people think
michael jordan was not genetically
gifted are you out of your mind
right this is him standing to mugsy
who's only five three right look at the
advantage being six six gives you
relative to someone being shorter right
jordan grew four inches in a year you
know how rare that is he's
just just try to imagine how many people
are six six that's zero point one
percent of the population one in a
thousand all right not to mention that
he has a massive wingspan which
obviously gives you a huge advantage in
basketball and more importantly he has
massive [ __ ] hands anyone who watches
or plays basketball will tell you the
importance of having a massive hand
michael jordan has the hands of someone
who's seven foot nine think about that
he's six six with the hands
length and width of someone who's seven
foot nine is that hard work or is that
genetics right and that's not taking
away from his work ethic you guys know
one of the number one reasons why he's
my number one player of all time is his
work ethic i love his work ethic right
same reason why kobe is my second
favorite player of all time rest in
peace right
i love people with insane work ethics
but you cannot neglect the genetic
aspect you do not work to be sick sick
you do not work
right to gain four inches in a year in
fact that's the reason why he admitted
his older brother was better than him in
basketball but his older brother did not
get that growth spurt therefore he
couldn't go far in basketball whereas
jordan got lucky at the last minute boom
four inches
genetics you do not work to get a hand
that big relative to your height well
this is ball ball
standing next to marxy look at the
height difference right and jordan's
hands are bigger than bozen
insane let's look at swimming michael
phelps everyone knows that microphobes
is one of the luckiest guys on the
planet his body type is literally
designed for swimming massively long
torso long hands shorter lower feet
right
and genetically his body produces less
lactic acid than most people the lowest
levels ever recorded in a swimmer
massive genetic advantage he is built
like a swimmer it's another guy i'm
gonna make a video on to show you
exactly how his body was designed for
swimming so yes he worked hard yes he
spent keep in mind he wasn't interested
in swimming at first he just had a lot
of energy and his mother was like hey i
want you to learn how to swim he's like
all right fine sure boom next thing you
know one of the greatest swimmers who
ever walked the earth can you imagine if
he did not take full use of genetics and
join something else or wait for a
different career
we probably never would have known what
his name is magnus carlson child [ __ ]
prodigy
right this is him as a little ass kid
playing against kasparov took him to a
draw think about that a draw against do
you guys know how beastly cast probably
for my chess players out there you guys
know what i'm talking about took him to
a draw the first time they played and
magnus carlsen is a prodigy a freaking
genius at two years old he was
completing big-ass puzzles and [ __ ]
right exceptional memory you guys know
one of the most important things you got
to have to be good at chess is remember
you have an insane memory people think
chess is just a lot of thinking out
there it's actually the opposite most of
the time when veteran chess players are
playing the hippocampus is actually more
active than their phone contacts meaning
they're actually using memory they're
trying to remember the combinations and
every time the pieces move they're
replaying the head all the different
combinations so it's a memory game which
is why sure enough he's notorious for
these things right where he plays people
with his eyes closed right he plays
people blind multiple people at the same
time and he checks mates every one of
these [ __ ] go watch the video
it's mind-boggling you don't train for
that
right remember he had signs of this at
two years old and he wasn't even
interested in chess he said he started
playing chess because of his father and
because he wanted to beat his sister or
something like that next you know he was
like oh [ __ ] i'm kind of good at that
becomes world champion knowing your
genetics early is can you imagine if he
decided to i don't know like do some
other job that has nothing to do with
his genetics that doesn't take full
advantage of his genes right phil heath
you guys remember philly was trying to
play basketball in fact he was playing
basketball right he was disappointed
because he didn't make it to the nba and
all that stuff whatever
but look how jacked he was this is one
of the most genetically gifted
guys on the planet as far as response to
training and response to steroids and
can you imagine if i went to play
basketball instead
right it's funny because it's almost a
blessing that he didn't make it to
basketball because then we never would
have witnessed
seven time mr olympia phil heath
right he couldn't get into basketball
and his friends were like hey man you
know
you got some gains you know try
bodybuilding you're sorry sure next
thing you know mr olympia a few years
later imagine if you started
bodybuilding much earlier right look how
jacked he was playing basketball
compared to us mortals right look at his
doubts look at the muscle bellies look
at the insertions look at these cavs
same thing usain bolt wanted to play
soccer and [ __ ] cricket it was just
cricket
it was
i can't i can't stop laughing every time
i think about that it was this qriket
coach who told him dude you you're kind
of fast you should try running next
thing you know fastest man in the world
think about that for a second he wanted
to play qriket or soccer he didn't give
a [ __ ] about spending as far as career
go can you imagine if he had went into
qriket instead right that genetic
potential to be an amazing sprinter
would have been watched it big ramy
current mr olympia right he was a
fisherman
big grammy was a fisherman think about
that for a reason think about that for a
second he would have been selling you
tilapia and [ __ ] mackerel instead of
dominating the olympic stage right and
then he starts bodybuilding and in less
than two years blows everyone out of the
water
the amount of mass that he was able to
put on in two years is
unbelievable and of course i have a
video coming up on one of the what the
[ __ ] wednesday episodes
insane hyper responded to drugs an
insane hyper responder
to training imagine if he never
discovered the head of genetics and
instead he kept selling sardines and
[ __ ] right kevin levrone
one of the best genetics on the
bodybuilding stage
at one point he tried to pursue a career
in music
and let's be honest right because he's
one of my favorite bodybuilders of all
time who the [ __ ] knows came on the run
for his music
we know him for being a [ __ ] behemoth
and the guy one of the best shoulders
ever on the bodybuilding stage right in
fact i truly believe that he would have
been at least a five to six time mr
olympia if he had actually focused on
his bodybuilding career because you guys
look everyone he used to take a long
time off from the gym and you know do
other things and try to work on music
and things like that right massive hyper
responder to steroids and training which
is such a rare combination right we
could talk about paul right one of the
most accomplished marathon runners ever
and you guys already know i already made
a video about the calendar tribe and the
genetics that have on this for
uh long distance running he's
he didn't start long this is running
until much later can you imagine if he
had studied earlier if somebody had come
to him and said hey you guys have some
insane genetics for running get tested
maybe you should give it a try right and
fast forward became one of the most
accomplished long distance runners ever
and that was not even his goal i can't
go on and on i already made a video
about the
uh bajo tribe of south east asia who
have a genetic advantage when it comes
to holding their breath on the water
they can stay on the water for so
[ __ ] long right they have a large
plane and all those things that i
already read about it check it out right
these guys were breaking the world
diving record like it was nothing and
for them they were just fishing they're
like hey we're just trying to [ __ ]
fish we never know it was a [ __ ]
sport
you know
right oh native americans and latinos
and you know the the genetics that they
have for boxing and and for taking
a lot of blows to the head without
having brain damage i made a video about
that check it out right they have a lot
of endurance genes some of them are
really good for aerobic capacity uh they
have the opposite version of the actin
in three which actually makes a good
makes them good at endurance they have
the right polymorphism that allows them
to take multiple blows to the head
without having brain again watch the
video that i made about that right about
native americans maxi cans and things
like that and once again keep in mind
this is on average right
just a high frequency of those
phenotypes in that population doesn't
mean everybody has those genes you know
i have to repeat that a million times
because everyone strawman's me
right but can you imagine if chavez
never went into boxing or a francis got
new never went into fighting he started
boxing at the age of 22. he started so
late relative to most people 22 years
old is when he started training for
boxing seriously
prior to that it was just on and off and
of course watch my video that i did on
you know uh west african genetics and
stuff like that to see all the
advantages that he has or even sue you
know people for some reason people think
that uh sue
is not genetically gifted which could
not be further from the truth guys why
do you think china wins so many olympic
gold medals these guys are notorious for
recruiting people that have the genetic
potentials for a certain sport at a
young age they actually go to schools
look at young ass kids and they measure
their arm length they measure their
their limbs they measure everything they
do genetic research to see who has the
potential to dominate in a respective
sport and that's how to recruit those
guys right and he was the first asian
man to break the 10 second barrier the
first black man did it over 40 years ago
almost 50 years ago
right so it took almost 50 years for an
asian man to finally break it and
they've been in the olympics this whole
time right you think the other guys were
not working hard enough right this is
the country with over one billion people
and who actually go through less extreme
lengths to try to find the best talent
and eventually they found sue so you
think for over 50 years these guys were
not training hard enough and only black
people were training hard are you crazy
and sure enough he has the genetics to
be a fast short distance run right the
60 meter
up to 100 meters but as you get close to
100 meters he starts to slow down
because of the way his body type is
shorter legs really good for
acceleration but they start to
be detrimental as you approach the 100
meter mark especially if you go further
than 100 meters because you obviously
have to take more steps right shorter
strides anyway i have a video on him
coming up but the point i'm trying to
make is genetics are so important
right it doesn't have to be sports it
could be any career any career you want
to go in you want to make sure that you
have what it takes to be good at that
right remember that's what team 3d
stands for dominance discipline
direction what's the dominance part
right it's simply finding your area of
expertise finding what you naturally
good at
and then they go and then there comes
discipline and direction right creating
a daily routine that's designed to make
you really good at whatever that field
is right that's always say find your
throne find your throne find your soil
right find
the environment that brings out the
forest in you right
the environment that turns your seed
into a fort it is so crucial
right so whether this is bodybuilding
whether it's sports whether it's
it's a
a normal career guys find what your
genetics are right you don't have to do
a test you don't have to do a 23andme
and all that stuff right i'm not
sponsored by any of these [ __ ]
right so you have to do any of that you
can just
experiment you could research your
industry you can uh you know do
different tests to see what you're
naturally good at right or try to think
what are some of the compliments you get
ever since you were a kid right what
came natural to you right that's an
indirect way to know what your genetics
are you don't have to literally take a
test right obviously i think everyone
should take a test but if you can't
afford it that's fine you can still find
ways to try to figure out what your
talents are and once you find what your
genetic talents are find the field where
you can fully leverage those talents so
don't let nobody tell you that your
genetics are not important and you
should just uh
freestyle through life once you find
your area dominance life becomes so much
easier because for everyone else it's
hard work for you it's like hey you know
i'm working hard but the games are
coming a lot faster than most people you
know what i mean anyway guys i want to
make this video too long hope this video
helps you in the comment section oh and
don't forget the reddit is out the
official reddit page check it out i'm
going to put the link in the description
all right peace all right guys don't
forget to like or share the video
subscribe and hit the bell and buy my
hsp nucleus of a little training program
it's the ultimate program for maximum
muscle growth it includes full body
workout splits bro splits push-pull
home workouts you name it also comes
with a complete guide for macros
nutrition fat loss muscle growth
hormones including a meal plan it's
pretty much all my 16 years of
experience
condensed into one [ __ ] book
you're also gonna get free copies of any
future edition so visit team3d alpha.com
and you can use the forty percent off
coupon code nucleus overload or you
could just buy this [ __ ] at full price
all right guys i'm out of here
