hey guys what's going on Megan here
continue the series today we have Tom
Platts on today's episode of the arena
now before I get started make sure you
watch the other videos of the arena so
you have an idea what the topic is about
and you know stop me from going to the
detail so pretty much we paid
bodybuilders or you know strongman
pilots is whoever you know people who
have exceptional physiques that we can
derive lessons from right people who
build phenomenal body parts using you
know out of the norm techniques or
thinking outside of the box you know
situation such as that so of course I'm
doing our baby pros for now but I'm also
going to go into natural bodybuilders
and on and so forth and before I
continue remember guys we know steroids
are involved we know genetics are
involved but the goal we trying to do
here is we looking for these specific
groups of people who in spite of the
steroids and in spite of genetic still
found ways to push growth to the next
level still find ways to get a
competitive advantage above their their
colleague so on today's show we have Tom
Platts one of my one of the most
inspiring bodybuilders ever if you study
his history and its philosophy on
training I'll blow your mind he was
known as obviously as you can tell in
pictures having the best legs in history
you know I think my personal opinion
that he still has the best legs in
history but again you know people Ronnie
Coleman came along you know kai green
branch Warren kind of come to get me bit
but still hands down in the Hall of Fame
when it comes to when it comes to legs
Tom glass is number one so how did he
build those legs we're going to discuss
that in the next I want you guys to see
other shots of his freakishly insane
legs I mean I've known videos at some
place in the past but it feels like the
first time every single time because
his legs are just amazing amazing quiet
and hamstring development I mean he was
way ahead of the game you know in the
80s blew the competition out of the
water again when he can relax now I have
to put his picture here because I know
for the people who don't know time flies
they'll probably think oh he just had
great legs genetics and I was with him
this picture mind you tom platt started
lifting weights when he was 9 years old
in this picture here on the left he is
obviously in a later part of his I
believe he was in college when he took
that picture but this is somebody who's
been lifting at that stage on the
picture on the left for over 10 years
you know close to 10 years and look at
the way his legs look that is not
genetics folks that is not genetics when
you are genetically gifted even before
you start lifting you start to see signs
of your genetics position I mean I'm
going to see insane muscularity unless
you West African ISM [ __ ] but you're
going to see something you genetically
gifted in a body part when this is not
the case here
how much more for up to 10 years after
you've been lifting you know so everyone
knows time PLAs knows he did not have
great quiet genetics of great like
genetics you know he now as far as the
structure his body searched allowed him
to squat huge amounts aways but in terms
of hypertrophy and and you know building
muscle he did not have like genetics as
you can tell in this picture here here's
another comparison and people would say
well you know it has to be genetics you
know because I mean there's no way you
could build likes that big you know and
this and that is man I'm gonna get to
the truck later but I have to remind
people that the said it's only don't
know what what good genetics me you know
let me look let me show you one of the
elite cases a good genetics right we
have film heat right this is when he was
playing basketball this is before he
started bodybuilding you know compared
to you know some plans will be lifting
for years
this is filler before he started by the
hood and playing basketball and you
could tell already that he was
genetically gifted look at his shoulders
look at his triceps he looked better
than a shot then most people look after
years of lifting another picture here
you know Philly you know that is called
genetics look at his calves look at his
triceps look at his shoulders right this
is before
macros before
steroids before pumping iron right
that's what you call genetics look at
that definition look at the separation
right and compare this to Tom Placid
legs all right so before before this
video moves on let's get let's move
genetics out of the you know out of the
equation another thing people will say
is steroids steroids which which
absolutely play a role you know all of
these series I let the viewers know even
though I don't have to because it's
common sense now you see these guys on
steroids so you can really analyze them
without putting that into consideration
but then I tell them this Arnold was on
steroids and all no did not have nowhere
near the quad mass that sound play sighs
I mean not even close you know
I've said in this picture you know of
the famous picture Lou Ferrigno and some
plants lose on steroids you know top
Barbuda you know in his era ii saw no
right look at his legs
you mean is having his de steroids that
time plus were using we're not working
on Luke 14 you right look at this
picture here right this is Arnold in one
of his uh bat shaped sever and look at
his legs look at tom platt legs you know
and these guys were in the same era you
know approximately so again yes steroids
play a part
yes genetics play a part but we clearly
see that when it comes to town Platts
you know even when we look at this shot
here right we can see that even after he
started juicing and years into training
he still didn't have the freakishly huge
quads that he has that he was known for
so what does that ball down to that
tells us as researchers and analysts and
common sense [ __ ] that he
discovered something he found something
that worked in order to have such
tremendous size in his legs even though
he was he was on the same story about
asthma song and the secret of Centaurus
what he was gonna focus on the top five
things that Tom PLAs did I would say
differently than his peers you know and
he was ahead of his time because a lot
of his methods are still being used
today and a lot of his methods are being
destroyed by science and research you
know in recent studies with a figure
oh my god this guy was ahead of his
years he instinctively knew things that
we were just beginning to prove you know
five six seven years ago you know some
studies even came out two three years
ago backing up the stuff that he
discovered back in the seventies and
eighties so number one obviously is
squats right the most important exercise
in his journey to build massive croisé
massive hamstring muscle acts was
obviously squatting right but not any
kind of squatting it was most you know
mostly Olympic style squats meaning ball
is high on his back legs are kind of
close as opposed to wide kind of like a
part you know nothing he was he was
pretty much trying to avoid the
powerlifting stance where your lower
back and glutes do most of the work you
know he focus on Olympic style squatting
to put most of the pressure on his legs
right so the number one thing he did was
he focused on the best exercise for each
muscle in this case I received four legs
so squats right
his other exercise I received hack
squats I'm gonna get to that later but
the normal thing he did was he focused
on efficiency you know you want to get a
body part big find the best exercise for
that muscle before even before even
beginning in the sets and reps just go
straight to the bread-and-butter
exercise and he was in love with squats
you know he was doing heavy squats at a
time when but it wasn't mainly playing
around with the leg press and you know
things like that so that's one right he
kept it simple he focused on the best
exercise the second thing you just
remember his you know his place because
I know a lot people love people probably
thinking well everybody else quad so
what was the difference well here's the
difference heavy squats with highest
reps right so number two he was lifting
very heavy very heavy weights I mean he
was known as doing you know upwards to
six seven hundred pounds I mean heavy
ass weight you know that's that's the
second thing and that's that's that's
kind of you know self-explanatory you
know you want to build a great physique
we all know the importance that stress
plays in recruiting muscle fibers and
things like
you will rarely meet a person has issues
develop re-plug natural or enhance and
it's not strong at that body part that's
very rare so there is obviously a
correlation there even though it's not
always causation but he was very strong
as quest but the third thing which is
the most significant factor when it came
to Tom Platts
and putting him apart from the
competition was high reps high ass reps
Tom PLAs was a pioneer in high reps with
heavy weights not high reps and
lightweights
just going for the pump no heavy weights
meaning he would take away that he could
probably only do 10 reps with and he
would go to 20 30 sometimes near 50 reps
he was a high Reppert that is when if
you interview him and you read his phone
his philosophies he explains time and
time again that he did not start seeing
this massive increase in his quad size
until he started doing this you know
meaning he was always squatting heavy
when I started lifting but he didn't
have those freakish looking thighs you
know he had the legs to everybody else
that is when he started taking that same
heavyweight but tripling the reps I mean
he said that it would get to a point
where he wanted to pass out he will
squat for so many reps in such a heavy
weight that he will feel like passing I
would throw up he will have blood on his
back from the weights he will have I
mean just you know see he called the
needles he said he felt like had needles
in his legs the burning lactic acid was
ridiculous you know and that is the you
know the no.1 weapon in his arsenal was
he did a lot of high reps with heavy
weight this picture here shows you
photos you guys in looks I'm flashing
I'm talking about for this guy don't the
guy on the Left he's actually dr. squat
you should know about now I mean dr.
squad is very famous he had he's one of
the first guys to squat a thousand
pounds on record you know very beast you
know strong guy but he did the
competition for those you guys are not
familiar with the story to the
competition it was time PLAs and back to
squat Kanchi who was gonna do have the
the heaviest squat one rep max and was
gonna do the most reps now obviously
when he came to the heaviest squat dr.
Fred you know I mean
dr. Squire destroyed right destroy Tom
Platts I believe by like a hundred
pounds you know I believe he squatted
like a hundred pounds or something and
and tom platt only squatted about 700
pounds but when it came so obviously dr.
Scott was a lot stronger than Tom Placid
I made videos explaining difference
between strength and hypertrophy and
things like that how to correlate and
how did they differ but the the second
thing which is what this video mainly
reversible you know Ron is when I
started competing you know in terms of
like high reps and who was going to do
the most repetitions Tom PLAs destroyed
him I think that they'd lowered the way
down to I believe 500 pounds or some
[ __ ] and dr. Scott did about eleven reps
which is respectable and time plus day
23 [ __ ] reps he doubled the amount of
reps and I might not sound like a lot on
paper or in audio but that is a lot of
[ __ ] rap to 500 pound magic they were
both the same way you know hundred
ninety eight pounds 200 pounds roughly
and top life is destroyed when he came
to reps you know and a lot of studies
came out and explained his phenomenon
right hypertrophy really revolves around
volume volume volume volume weight is
important on get me wrong intensity is
important but volume sets times reps
right the more reps you do with the same
weight the more your legs are gonna grow
as opposed to just slapping weight on
the ball yeah you're going to get
stronger but eventually you're going to
plateau eventually you'll get to a point
where your strength is increasing but
your muscle size is not really moving
simply because your body found different
ways to move the weight you know mainly
through neural adaptations so this is
this is another perfect example of the
whole you know
volume debate where a volume is key you
know it's not enough just to get
stronger you have to get stronger at
higher rep ranges so moving on hack
squats that was the second exercise
that's the exercise that he did after
squats he says he attributes his leg
growth to only two exercises squats and
hack squats he he didn't do leg press
and he only did leg extensions about a
month before each show so it was mainly
through squats and hack squats so
remember a number one we have the heavy
ass waste that he used number two we
have the the high reps and number three
we have the fact that he focused on the
basic exercises right and before he did
a lot of force reps right a lot of
negatives and partial reps I mean he
would take his workouts ooh be on
failure failure is an understatement
now again remember guys he was on the
juice you know here you know he's able
to recover a lot faster than natural guy
would but the theory is still the same
it still applies on i.t lifters in terms
of recruiting those muscle fibers you
know like taking them beyond failure you
know again you don't have to go to fit
on every single set but it helps to have
those sets at least one or two sets
where you really push your body beyond
you know what is capable of doing and he
was known for this he would you know he
would go to failure and we have his
partner you know push the weight down he
would do isometrics I mean he would do
all these a crazy additional reps after
reaching failure on his heavy-ass weight
you know and he would also squat when he
would do the hack squat he would also
position his feet in a dug position so
that he could do [ __ ] squats and target
different angles of his quads and you
know things like that so he pretty much
used the same exercises but found ways
to get the most out of them you know so
he was really big again on negatives
partial reps force reps rest pause all
of these things know and last but not
least he it was very very very big on
recovery right he knew the importance of
recovery even know he was in hands you
know the apostle recovery so he would
have a heavy day and a light that you
know the heavy day he would do the balls
to the wall I mean 600 pounds for 15
reps loses his max I believe in terms of
crazy repetitions and on some days he
would do light well my name he says
light he means like well supposed heavy
days but it was still heavy [ __ ]
weight all right but on these days he
will do like high wraps 50 reps 60 reps
he was squat for 10 minutes and things
like that so pretty much the alternate
between lifting heavy and lifting
relatively lighter weights you know
again to a book heavy but it just
brought some sort of
every workout the light days were in
quotes like you know he did it because
he understood recovery he understood he
couldn't do those crazy ass workouts
every single week you know so he really
understood the balance between that so
again guys those are the things the top
five things that Tom blasted to stand
out from the competition you know again
remember number one he focused on the
basic exercises right the squats and the
hack squats bread-and-butter movements
number two heavy ass weight he did not
shy away from that challenge number
three he incorporated those high ass
reps with the heavy weight so he didn't
just do three sets of five or three
sometime not he would put on as much
weight as possible and go be young
fellah right and before he uses it those
intensity techniques to pretty much we
could as many fibers as possible you
know kind of like back to the Hyneman
size principle where you want to fatigue
every single rule of motor units and
last but not least he knew how to
balance we you know recovery by
alternating between heavy days unlike
days you know and again a lot of people
have borrowed from four men and Tom
Platts ideology on building muscle I
mean Shiki Fletcher is one of them
Dorian Yates took some of these ideas
and you guys know what he did with them
you know having one of the best back in
Bible history and to this day you know
the bro science and the science word
still confirm the training methodologies
of Tom plants all right guys so this
videos longer than expected but I really
wanted to share this with you guys I
mean I've I researched on blast years
ago years ago when I was doing my
hypertrophy research and I'm blown away
by how relevant his findings still are
today you know science is finding these
things out you know as the years go by
so incorporate those tips into your
training remember to train based on your
ability to recover so if you're not on
steroids I don't want you doing you know
more than your body can handle right and
you know again that doesn't mean that
you shouldn't train hard it just be
reasonable even on steroids he
understood in post recovery how much
more for natty guys right so that say
guys hope this helps let me know who you
next I mean I've you know I love
bodybuilding I've studied almost every
chopped Bible you could think about
years ago and I still have two files my
computer to the stage so just let me
know comment below who you want me to
cover the min of this video helped you
learn something from it give it a thumbs
up and stay tuned for the next one I'm
out of a guy's team to the Alpha
you
