yeah all right guys back from Walmart
it's another thing I forgot to show you
me and H got a map cuz uh remember I had
this map in the room in U when I was
living with Muhammad it was Muhammad's
map and um so when I moved out he had to
keep his map obviously and um and the TV
too cuz we both got the TV on Black
Friday cuz it was on salez it was
supposed to be roommates for a while but
anyway so I got to buy a new TV soon
probably next Black Friday but anyway we
got a map because like I told you guys
we study countries a lot we we we really
we believe in diversity right I I I
don't want to have a team or an army or
a group of friends that are all from the
same place that's boring I want to know
about your background your culture
whatever so we really into you know
knowing and the best way to know about
somebody else is to study their
countries their culture whatever so we
were doing that one country a day thing
and also when we study we just hang this
up on the on the wall and we'll just
pick a country I guess we're going to
add that to our daily routine we just
pick a country and then go to Wikipedia
read about it read about the the kind of
foods they eat might learn a few recipes
uh find out about the culture or
whatever you know the holidays [ __ ] like
that and it helps you I mean the world
is 7 billion people on the planet you
don't want to be so war-minded that you
only know one thing like you only know
America you only know thing and another
way to know about to travel the world
with actually traveling the world is to
bring your mind there when you read
about a nation you feel like You' been
there you see the pictures but anyway so
we got this [ __ ] I talk too much and
then guys I know yall wondering don't
she got that Carnival yes I do but I had
to go and get this for one reason I tell
you guys why like I mentioned before
this is the best protein shake I bought
in my entire life literally I mean it
not only the the way I feel once I take
it it tastes bad don't get me wrong but
the placebo I get from this I say
Placebo meaning I just believe every
[ __ ] they right on there they might be
lying who cares but the placebo it has
on me it's it's really helping mentally
it forces me to get my meals in and I
don't know I just feel bigger and
stronger and I think I'm getting bigger
eating this but the reason why I had to
go ahead and add this to it because um I
love this so much that I'm afraid that
it's going to run out and it's actually
running out am mind the
shot talk man I'm I'm afraid that's
going to run out so um I had to go out
and get this this way if if my goal is
like 10 and something you know 150 g of
protein a day and by the end of the day
I only had like a 5050 and I want to
grab some protein shakes I don't want to
use this this much I don't want to take
this like more than two times a day
because I don't want it to run out it's
[ __ ] $50 man so
and you want to buy me one you you want
my address so anyway so I bought there
so that post-workout I eat this [ __ ]
that's the postwork workout protein
shake and on days when I I'm really low
on my protein um goal I could just go
ahead and use this so this is only for
emergency but this is my main protein I
love this and this is $15 so it's going
to be a [ __ ] scapegoat to make up for
this so so yeah a lot of you guys were
asking me the the progress on the con B
you got it right there best 14 Shi ever
man as far as I'm concerned so what else
we got the map
this we show them the Gatorade already
the Gatorade yeah and then I show them
this they don't got we show them the GU
standing to my left they don't got to
wor about that well Eric you want me on
camera who he
disappeared all right guys 3D we out
