you have to chill what's going on
YouTube Tuesday you already know what's
happening oh [ __ ] it is leaking
man all right guys one
second Buffalo Wild Wings I was thinking
about this [ __ ] all day man me
too this one place
good anyways l r is here mhm about to
back lad and I stopped at Kroger let me
show them this yeah I got
you H I got the the f I got the fat free
dog let me see let me see which one side
guys yeah n n different flavor I picked
one with the highest um anyway guys this
we got the first video cuz I'm I'm going
to upload that one before this one so I
still got the cones to backload right
cones uh 11 G
of I got the wrong one man the sugar
cones man fck supposed have way more
than what's the old one anyway 11 cars
I'm not too happy about that but the
other one has 22 yo your dreads are
growing man they're getting longer chill
chill man and um H put me on to this
remember the first time the first ice
cream I showed y'all had like two G of
fat and like yeah 2.5 why you looking
proud a [ __ ] this one has zero gram of
fat actually gas fat free I didn't see
it so it has zero g of fat perfect for
back loing and 28 g of sugar so it has
more carbs than the other one and it has
less fat and this one is orange and this
one is mango I'm going to backload with
this plus I got this
[ __ ] my baby mama found for me the other
day nectar right I found another one
peach nectar this one has Z gr of fat 42
G of carbs in one in one tiny can this
is perfect backing sh this this whole
thing right here is zero GS of fat zero
only post workout do not eat this
[ __ ] you this in the morning type eight
diabetes guys oh not no morning I know
know top 12 diabetes and that's it guys
this was only come out to eight bucks so
1 2 3 4 5 eight bucks guys try it out it
might last me about a week one today one
tomorrow plus this is 12 coins if I take
two a day that's about 6 days yeah what
you saying doesn't soda has more sugar
than that thing soda has more sugar I
don't know but I don't want soda but if
that's that's probably fructose anyway
those sugars way better than way better
than your body gonna suck up all that
[ __ ] so you don't gotta worry about it
so anyway guys quick video time to go
the short those wings anything to say
uh I'm good hung as [ __ ] yeah I just
want to eat man all right guys all right
peace when he says no all right this is
continuing the video um we have 24
Asians in Wings here Jonathan got 18
right uh yeah yeah yeah 18 I got 12 and
I got yeah I'm spotting him for six and
um today but I'm I got wait till next
week it's
cool um I'm going to eat six of those
he's going to eat 18 then you guys know
jam and jalapeno let me see if let me
see if I can show you I got extra sauce
on all these you guys I don't know if
you like extra sauce but that's what I'm
about oh yeah buddy this the classic
honey barbecue which I just introduced
myself to like a couple months ago and
I'm obsessed with the honey barbecue now
and then you guys it's a special day
because weird because he's like they
have a limited time only this is called
um what is it called the name it's uh
honey ginger kick so we'll see how this
is all right
guys hey guys what's going on quick
video um how to increase your upper
chest upper backs once again I'm going
to give you guys both my my anecdote my
BR science and what the the literature
says what the scientific research says
so when you combine it all together I'm
going to make him in one two three
number one is the dumbbell incline press
right believe it or not the barbell
incline press
