hey guys what's going on megan here back
with another video
on taylor's tuesday where we just rank
different things right so today we're
going to do
top ethnic groups top races whatever you
want to call it buy
maximum speed genetics right who has the
best genetics for speed and we're going
to focus on 100 meter dash right i'm
going to make a a second video on
shorter distances so like 60 meters and
below but this is for the 100 meter dash
keep in mind those two are very
different so a lot of people who rank
lower
on uh the 100 meter are actually gonna
rank a bit higher for the 60 meter and
i'm gonna explain why also keep in mind
for you sensitive [ __ ] out there this
is the cheerless uh that i use for
everything right i didn't actually start
this for humans right they started when
i was ranking uh exercises uh food items
you know
uh bodybuilding [ __ ] right and that's
exactly what i'm using for everything
else right so if you end up with your
garbage stop taking it personally that's
just what i'm using for this cheerless
right as always let's get the disclaimer
out of the way really quickly number one
race and ethnic groups is a thing there
are massive differences between people
due to natural selection okay that does
not mean that some groups are better
than others it's so relative and it all
depends on where your ancestors evolved
okay it all depends on where your
ancestors adapted the biome they had to
adapt to or the bottleneck events all of
those things i have videos on that so
i'm not going to keep bidding a horse
all right so when we say races or ethnic
groups stop taking that [ __ ] personally
there's a reason why when you do blood
work sometimes the doctor will tell you
okay use this range if you black use
this range if you latino or use this
range if you're white right and that's
because of genetic variations between
people and of course they're also
variations within groups but but i
digress second average does not mean all
you guys need to take a [ __ ]
statistics course right when we say
average it does not mean it applies to
everybody within that population right
so what we say on average
ethnic groups so so and so tend to do
better at this or worse at that that
does not mean that everyone within that
population
fits under the umbrella right you could
be an outlier within your own ethnic
group right when we said the average
person makes i don't know 50 000 a year
that does not mean that everybody in
america means 50k right there's someone
who make a million some will make 10
okay it's the average and lastly for
people who keep saying was my ethnic
group not included guys there are
thousands of ethnic groups even in on on
south asia on africa even when i say
west africa guys do you honestly believe
that there's a place just called west
africa and everyone in west africa looks
the same and is no there's massive
diversity obviously in africa which is
the most diverse continent and in asia
and in europe
right so this video will have over 3 000
[ __ ] different faces if i want to
focus on every single ethnic group so
get the [ __ ] outta here right i'm gonna
lump you up with the [ __ ] who
look like you or who have uh ancestry uh
close to your geographic location all
right so i don't wanna hear you butt
hurt [ __ ] out there saying what
did you lump sore sober source so we are
diverse shut the [ __ ] up of course we
know that [ __ ] in fact i had to separate
west africa and east africa and even
that's not enough if you look at the
genetic diversity in africa
right west africa alone can be split up
into hundreds of different ethnic groups
that are genetically distinct okay so we
have to lump people up to keep the video
short and obviously over time i'm gonna
make videos on every specific ethnic
group but that's gonna come in the
future for now we're just lumping into
10 right and remember
if you rank high in something chances
are you're also going to rank low in
another list that's just how the body
works that's how evolution works right
they're always trade off so being
extremely bad at some things also means
you're probably extremely good at
something else right i'm gonna make
videos on the evolution trade-offs in
the future but anyway let's get started
best at in the group for speed genetics
so the criteria we're gonna use
obviously we're gonna boil it down to
three there are three
basic key things you must have if you
want to be an elite sprinter obviously
you have the role that anatomy plays
right obviously you guys remember if you
watch my video on black genetics and
things like that i'm gonna put the two
links you gotta have long limbs you
gotta have shitty calves obviously
shitty capsule bodybuilding meaning
short calves high calves long tendons
long achilles tendons high center of
gravity narrow hips right and keep in
mind we're talking about the 100 meter
dash right for the 60 meter dash it's
actually the opposite you actually want
to have slightly shorter legs because
shoulder legs are really good for
accelerating but they're not good for
maintaining a top speed over a long
distance right if both people are
producing the same amount of force
because you know sprinting is all about
how much force you could slam into the
ground and how fast you could uh repeat
that so anatomy differences second thing
we're going to look at is obviously
muscle building potential obviously
right the amount of phasors muscles you
have your actin in three profile your
acd phenotype
you know your myostatin expression and
polymorphisms because the most important
muscle for spreading is obviously your
glutes the bigger your glutes
the more powerful you're spraying and
this has been proven over and over again
you need to be a freak at generating
force so you need to have powerful
glutes powerful shoulders powerful uh
legs on and so forth and you also cannot
uh
start out of fat right so you gotta have
very good mild stand polymorphism you
gotta be really really good at building
muscle without putting on fat which
[ __ ] a lot of the groups down here
because some of the groups down here
actually good at building muscle but
also comes with a lot of fat
and obviously to be a good sprinter you
have to be lean as
[ __ ] right the more mass you have the
harder it is to accelerate
right remember false equals mass times
acceleration meaning acceleration equals
false divided by mass so you want to
have as much muscle as possible
obviously not too much right with as
little fat as possible and myostatin
takes care of both last but not least
you want to have very very high androgen
receptor sensitivity because once again
you guys know at the top level these
guys are juice the [ __ ] out right so you
want to have extremely sensitive energy
receptors because that would allow you
to use a small amount of drugs
which obviously i don't recommend but
these guys will do what they have to do
to
make money but pretty much they have to
use a small amount of drugs and get as
much resource as possible and if you
have sensitive androgen receptors then
that means you can get away you know a
lot of these guys you know are able to
pass drug tests and treat drug tests
because they can take very small doses
of steroids um and still be huge
benefits because they have high endoderm
substance sensitivity whereas if you
have low hydrogen receptor sensitivity
or you have long androgen receptor
repeats and what's gonna happen is
you're gonna have to take a lot of
[ __ ] drugs to compete at a high level
and you're obviously gonna get busted so
you gotta look at hormones as well all
right let's get started
uh
let's pick in my random australian
aboriginals believe it or not they're
going to be in [ __ ] amazing they have
the proportions right they have that
slender build narrow hips so the anatomy
good the muscle building potential is
also decent and they also have a very
favorable acne entry profile but their
androgen receptor sensitivity and the
muscle building potential is not high
enough to put them in i'm about to in
that category so aboriginal's gonna be
[ __ ] amazing next east african same
thing [ __ ] amazing because one they
have the anatomy right perfect anatomy
for uh sprinting which is also why they
dominate the long distance
uh events they have a
high relatively high energy receptor
sensitivity it's not sky high but it's
obviously high enough and once again uh
decent acting in three profile decent ac
dd polymorphism just not high enough to
put them and i'm about to another
category next you have polynesians
they're in a bad category simply because
they actually keep in mind they put on a
ton of muscle i already made an entire
video about them a ton of muscle the
problem is they are one of the top
ethnic groups for also putting on fat
right their muscle comes with a lot of
fat you know so they generate a lot of
power they can get big as [ __ ] but it's
very very very hard uh for them to uh to
stay lean right because again i would
make a feed about this so go watch it
right they've evolved to put on muscle
but also store a lot of fat so
too massive for the 100 me dash now if
this was a shorter event which i
mentioned earlier in the video then that
would be a lot higher because that
phenotype a lot of muscle
uh some fat that's actually very good
for very very very short uh bursa power
right so very good at accelerating but
maintaining that 400 meters it is way
too hard because it's just too [ __ ]
massive not to mention they're the
anatomy right they do not have the
anatomy for the 100 meter dash they are
bulky as [ __ ] large frames same thing
with south asians you guys already know
south asians were going but once again
watch my video on south asia and then
the region also india
pure garbage right
and i will explain why my stand activity
is way too high in that population on
average skinny fat syndrome is too high
they do not have the proportions
androgen receptor sensitivity is too low
the one thing they got going for them
though is some of them actually have the
anatomy
uh for running you know
slender body long limbs um but once
again they are not tall enough on
average to be able to maximize their
strides during a 100 meter dash right
because you got to have long legs not
too long you know but also not too short
because remember if you have the perfect
length right long legs not too long
right but long enough
relative to your torso you have a
disadvantage in the beginning of the the
race but you start to get an advantage
um as you get closer to the finish line
right as long as you
producing an equal amount of force
simply because you have longer strides
but anyway yeah so they're down here and
again i already explained why i watched
the video on that europeans they're in a
bad category right same reason they have
the phenotype for strength for power
which comes with a starkey build that is
not ideal that is not optimal for the
100 meter dash which is why once again
if you find anybody that keep in mind
guys does not mean that people within
this group are never going to win the
100 adapters it's not what this means it
means as a percentage of the population
it's going to be very [ __ ] rare right
so i can i can name some fast south
asians some fast europeans but if you do
the math you look at the statistics as
the percentage of the population they
are very very rare
they are outliers whereas the groups
that are up here are actually not
outliers it's actually expected right so
the people down here get the most credit
really when they actually make it to the
finish line with a good scope where's
the people up there i'm sorry but you
don't get as much credit because you
just came out the one with an advantage
right the people up here down here have
to work a lot harder
to
produce the same outcomes as the people
up here when it comes to 100 meter dash
all right next um so yeah so yeah
europeans you guys have some of the best
genetics for power for strength but your
anatomy overall [ __ ] you because the
same anatomy that makes you extremely
strong extremely stocky extremely
powerful good for weightlifting good for
powerlifting good for strong man
those same genetics hurt you when it
comes to being slender skinny
and have long legs obviously you guys
know europeans have long torsos on
average short legs short arms and i
would explain why and mainly due to
allen and bergman's rule and obviously
having to adapt uh to the cold climate
of europe as far as muscle building goes
yes they're able to pack on a lot of
size but again that also comes with a
lot of body fat
again as an adaptation to the cold and
last but not least the hormone
sensitivity is not as high as the people
are on the list meaning on average they
have to take a ton of drugs to get the
same results that the people up here
get with a very small amount right next
asian same thing east asians bad
right i know everybody's gonna say oh i
know so and so you know that
did good at the 100 meter dash and i'm
like [ __ ] do the math he's an
outlier especially sue for instance i
have a video coming up on soon people
think that for some reason he broke the
rules of genetics no he did exactly what
the genetics predict he proves that he's
an outlier because china is one of the
top countries when it comes to
recruiting athletes early for the
olympics i mean these guys are vicious
when it comes to that [ __ ] they are so
good at finding talent recruiting talent
training them at an early age and they
have over one billion people
and sue is the one who's really
dominating the record
one out of so many right so he actually
proves that he's an outlier he doesn't
disprove the rule but actually i have a
whole video on that coming up but yeah
also keep in mind he's amazing at the
short distance right 60 meter and below
but when it gets to 100 meter right even
though he's exceptional he does not
perform as well as the others which
explains which once again proves that
genetics play a massive role because if
you look at his anatomy he has short
legs short legs make you amazing at
acceleration short legs make you really
good at sure this is running which is
why he has the best 60 meter but he does
not have the best 100 meter right we see
this in the nfl as well
the positions that require the most
acceleration these guys tend to have
shoulder legs the positions are required
the
maximum top speed these guys tend to
have longer legs
see it's all genetics guys 66 genetics
33
environment and culture next native
americans at the bottom yes you guys are
really good for endurance
extremely bad uh once again on average
for sprinting in power because and if
you guys notice right the further he
should go
right from homeland from africa
the more you notice correlation right
because these people had to adapt
completely differently these guys were
under completely different environmental
pressures than the populations over here
native americans on average have low
androgen receptor sensitivity they do
not have enough myostatin polymorphisms
the favorable ones of course
very low amounts of glycolytic enzymes
you know over fast twist muscles and
things like that one of the worst actin
and three profiles on the planet and
obviously they have the anatomy of east
asia because remember native americans
are descendants of east asians who
crossed over into north america some
also made it through uh you know a more
southern rap but that's a topic for
different video all right next you have
west african and the descendants
obviously you guys already know i'm
about to knock category i i'm not gonna
repeat why watch my two videos on the
topic you should you guys know this by
now these guys are the luckiest when it
comes to the genes for sprinting
right they are number one when it comes
to acting in three profile number one
when it comes to the number of my stand
favorable master and polymorphisms that
includes file sign as well they are
number two for the hdd polymorphism they
have the biggest glutes in the [ __ ]
world which once again glute size is
extremely correlated with sprint
performance and they obviously have
the most
fast twitch dominant alleles out of the
entire population right and i already
explained the whole malaria thing so
again watch the videos where i debunk
the whole slavery myth [ __ ]
it has nothing to do with slavery even
if you look at the genetics down to the
dna and also if you look at the
performance of the west african
populations who are never exposed to the
slave trade [ __ ] identical so they
have the anatomy they have the muscle
morphology and they have the highest
androgen receptor sensitivity in the
entire world which is also why they also
have one of the reasons why they have
the highest prostate cancer risk right
like i said evolution comes with
trade-offs you good at something you're
gonna be bad at something else mixed
races again so like i always say you
guys are always going to be in the okay
category it depends on what you mix with
right so if you latino um it depends
right how mixed are you if you you know
are you more native american and you are
european and or remember guys latinos
you guys are mixed with native american
european and a very small amount of west
african right so it depends
on how it makes you and it's not just
latinos over here you also have people
who are mixed african and makes european
um you know you guys are always i'm
always going gonna put you guys in okay
because it depends you know how mixed
are you
um
what ancestry is dominant in your genes
right even if you're african-american
right remember african-americans on
average are 20 to 25 european and 70 to
75 percent uh west african descent right
so it depends so depends on what you
make sweet and how makes you are and
middle east is also going to be in okay
because out of all the ethnic groups and
out of the quote-unquote human races
they are the most balanced out of
everybody they are extremely balanced so
they're not too high in most phenotypes
and also not too low in most phenotypes
they are very
very balanced in fact this week
i'm trying my best to do it this week
but this week if not maybe next week i'm
gonna release a video on the genetics of
the middle east and you will see that
these guys are extremely balanced when
it comes to muscle building potential
uh iq hormone sensitivity everything
everything you think about on average
right that tends to be the middle which
makes sense if you think about it look
at them on the map right
these guys are mixed with european
sub-saharan african
some parts of north africa and also some
parts of central asia right so these
guys uh we're lucky enough to be
as balanced as possible but anyway guys
that's it and remember this is on
average right there are people down here
who over perform you're always gonna
find outliers and now people up here
will underperform [ __ ] i'm west african
i'm slow as [ __ ] right so i'm faster
than most people but compared to some of
the other guys in here they'll smoke me
right and there's a white guy for i have
to make a video about him as well who
destroys some black athletes in uh track
and field right so you're always going
to find outliers but you have to
remember the again that's why they're
called outliers and we know they're
outliers because when you do the
statistics you find out holy [ __ ] that
went against the odds right so don't see
this as a oh i'm sorry for asian i'm
never going to be good at sprinting or
oh i'm black i'm definitely gonna be
good at sprinting no no that's not what
these feeders are for at the end of the
day it's down to the individual you have
to test your own genetics and find out
you know what you're good at
and go into those areas and try to
dominate right that's what these readers
are for right to give you an idea of
where you might lie but at the same time
you still have to do your own analysis
do your own training do your own
nutrition and figure out where your soil
is where your area dominance might be
right this is just to lead you in the
right direction and say hey if you're
west african you might want to get
tested you might want to get tested you
know at a young age you might want to
start
um training at a young age to see if you
have the genetics
that your ethnic group tend to have in
abundance right
and if you're down here it simply tells
you that hey you know if you want to
excel at that spot one make sure you
make sure you have the genetics for it
and two if you don't have the genetics
for it remember it's 66 genetics 33
environment so if you find out that you
don't have the genetics for it well
you're gonna have to maximize the 33
percent part right you have to maximize
the environmental part maximize the uh
the hard work part right all the culture
you know in order for you to excel at
your sport right that's all this means
which is why i always say to people down
here when you see them succeed in the
sport where they're not overly uh
represented in i give them a lot of
credit i [ __ ] clap cause i'm like man
these guys had to maximize the
environment part the work ethic part to
offset the genetics but anyway guys this
video is way longer than i tended it to
be like i said i love these topics and i
could talk about this all day see you
guys in the comment section alright guys
don't forget to like or share the video
subscribe and hit the bell and buy my
hsb nucleus of a little training program
it's the ultimate program for maximum
muscle growth it includes full body
workout splits bro splits push pull home
workouts you name it also comes with a
complete guide for macros nutrition fat
loss muscle growth hormones
including a meal plan it's pretty much
all my 16 years of experience condensed
into one [ __ ] book you're also going
to get free copies of any future edition
so visit team3d alpha.com and you can
use the 40 off coupon code nucleus
overload or you could just buy this [ __ ]
at full price alright guys i'm outta
here
