another bad thing that people do is
hey what's going on megan here all right
top 10 nucleus overload mistakes the
most common mistakes that i see all the
time
uh i had to switch up the chair list by
the way so we're gonna go from extremely
bad very bad bad not that bad and no
difference the top 10 most common
mistakes and let's see where they rank
keep in mind this is for nucleus [ __ ]
overload my program the term that i
coined the term that i own the copyright
too right i can't stand it when people
just decide to pick some random ass high
frequency program and call it nucleus of
a load and mislead everybody if you're
gonna go by the term that i coin then
you better use my goddamn criteria right
because nucleus of the load is specific
there are many many many high frequency
training programs out there nucleus
reload has one specific goal it has a
specific set structure rap scheme
exercise selection recovery protocol
everything is specific and it has a
specific goal which is to increase the
[ __ ] out of your myonuclei which will
obviously lead to a more sensitive
muscle a muscle that is more sensitive
to training because it will have more
capillaries again more nuclei more
satellite cells
more androgen receptors you name it
right that's the goal of nucleus of the
load and that's why i called it nucleus
overload because you're trying to
increase the amount of nuclei but anyway
let's get started using waste that are
too light again very bad right i see
people doing nuclear solar and they're
using i mean the most [ __ ] ways
imaginable and i'm like how you gonna
stimulate
satellite cell activation my nuclear
donation mrna translation dna
transmission with something that that is
so light there's no effort right you're
not recording if using weights that are
too light you are not recruiting your
high threshold motor units which do i
say no more than 30 reps because if you
have to do 50 60 80 reps in one set then
chances are you're gonna stop before you
even recruit the high threshold motor
units right even if you use the hindman
size principle right you're probably
gonna stop because the burn is just
unbearable right or you just be wasting
your time and doing cardio
the weight has to be challenging enough
not so challenging that you [ __ ] up
your joints and overtaxing your central
nervous system but at the same time not
so light
that you're just [ __ ] jerking off and
wasting time which is why i say
15 to 20 maybe 30 reps right stay in
that sweet spot between 15 and 30
depending on the exercise of course rpe
obviously has to be high you want high
effort that's the beauty of high reps
high reps work for hypertrophy if the
effort is high if you come close to
failure so that's mistake number one
very bad you're wasting your time if
you're using waste that are too light
next
the opposite using waste that are too
heavy again very [ __ ] bad because the
goal of nucleus overload is to again
stimulate the muscle stimulate muscle
protein synthesis without increasing
muscle damage too much you're trying to
limit muscle damage while increasing
myofibrillar protein synthesis which is
why all the parameters that have around
nucleus overload are made to optimize
recovery
which is why it blows my mind when
people straw manicures overload
and say oh that's too much that's gonna
hurt recovery that's the whole point of
the parameters is to enhance your
recovery so that you can keep on doing
this without digging yourself into a
hole so if you're using a weight that's
way too heavy
your joints are going to suffer because
remember it takes longer for joints to
recover then it takes extra muscle so
your joints are going to suffer you're
going to fry the central nervous system
right because the muscle fatigue you get
from doing high reps is not the same one
that you get from doing taxing exercises
from high reps the fatigue you get
mostly due to calcium and stuff like
that calcium ions being leaked into the
channels whereas from heavy weights you
are [ __ ] yourself up in so many ways
so make sure the weight is not too heavy
that defeats the whole purpose next
doing way too many sets again i'm gonna
put that at bad nucleus overload should
be done for in less than five minutes
guys i've been saying this since day one
less than five minutes three to five
minutes right if you want to use time on
attention if you want to actually use
the clock because some exercises you can
count wraps like far more works for
instance right so if you want to use
time the whole thing should take less
than five minutes
if you're using straight sets drop sets
blood flow restriction whatever the
whole thing should not take more than
five minutes why me again once again to
maximize protein sentences without
increasing muscle damage recovery is key
if it's taking you 10 20 15 minutes to
the nucleus overload and you wasting
your goddamn time because eventually
you're gonna accumulate way too much
muscle damage
and it's gonna take you way longer to
recover so you won't be able to come
back
and trade frequently right so no more
than five sets three to five steps is
the sweet spot right but after five take
a break which is also why i say five
minutes right shouldn't take more than
five minutes anyway next not sleeping
enough extremely bad i can't tell you
how many people are like hey i'm doing
luca solo and i'm like first person to
ask him is always wait how many hours of
sleep do you get today oh it's about
five hours what
five hours of sleep six hours of sleep
are you doing nucleus overload on top of
your training program are you out of
your mind guys you are up regulating
cortisol like a [ __ ] which is
obviously gonna up regulate my statin
and actually hurt your gains instead of
improve your gains again it's all about
recovery if your sleep is trash don't
even try to do any of my programs
whether it's nucleus overload or hsp
training the higher weekly volume goes
up the higher recovery management has to
go up to compensate right the gains that
come from nucleus overload and hsp
training and full body workouts
come with a heavy price
and that price is recovery management if
you cannot increase your recovery
management do not do any of my programs
next
another bad thing that people do is
not doing the mtor reset very bad i
can't tell you how many people do
nuclear overload and i'm like right when
is your m37 when was the last time you
took a break from the gym completely
keep in mind this is mto reset right i
coined that because i wanted to separate
that from deloading right it's not
deloading it's deep training right if
you're still going to the gym doing an
mtor reset or you're still doing high
intensity [ __ ] like hit or anaerobic
work you're not doing the mto reset
right you need to give your body time
not just to recover from the increased
load not just to recover from the
increased frequency and crazy high
weekly volume but your body needs time
to donate the actual nuclei increase the
capillary network methylate certain
genes and reset your mtor and your
androgen receptors
that's why mtor reset is so crucial you
have to take a break go hang out with
your friends go hang out with your girls
go clap cheese go watch tv eagle take a
break from the gym guys let the muscle
resensitize the training else you're
going to end up shooting yourself in the
foot and actually start going backwards
in terms of progress
next having [ __ ] nutrition while doing
nucleus overload extremely bad guys not
only you're not going to gain anything
you're not going to gain any muscle
you're barely going to get any nuclei
inside of ourselves but you might even
lose everything right nutrition is king
you should be in a subscriber of mine
for years you know i beat a dead horse
over that right if your nutrition is
[ __ ] which all ties back into recovery
management see how it's always about
recovery right if your nutrition is [ __ ]
you're not getting enough micronutrients
enough macronutrients or at least enough
calories to maintain elevated
myofibrillar protein synthesis you're
wasting your time
building muscle is expensive caloric
wise up regulating the genes that are
linked to myogenesis is expensive your
body needs a ton of atp and a ton of
nutrients to make that happen so
don't do nucleus overload if your
nutrition is trash
next same thing not being properly
hydrated while doing liquid silver load
extremely bad
right watch my video on water because i
really want to keep this video short but
if you're not fully hydrated while doing
nucleus overload once again what are you
doing you're defeating the whole purpose
and it's going to be extremely hard for
you to even get a pump which is coming
up soon
right but again there's million other
reasons why you got to be fully hydrated
when doing this [ __ ] watch the video
that i have with water next i want to
put that not that bad obsessing about
the everyday part i'm gonna put that not
that bad right right because everyone
obsesses about the everyday part right
even though i say time and time again
the minimum frequency for nucleus of a
little should be three times a week
that's the bare minimum all the way up
to seven times a week
right so three days a week all the way
up to obviously seven days a week which
is the maximum right so the sweet spot
is somewhere in the middle as low as if
you're doing less than three times a
week that's not like [ __ ] that right
the bare minimum is three days a week
the maximum is seven days a week so if
you're doing four times i mean i mean
four days a week five days a week six
days a week that's fine i have some
people obsessing about the seven day
part where they literally mess with me
oh my god i miss one day look at this
what's gonna happen am i gonna lose my
gains i'm like dude like you have to
understand human body works missing one
day
it's not gonna just put a halt to the
adaptation process right to the donation
of my nuclei or the up regulation of the
satellite cells right that's fine
in fact if you slept bad ate like [ __ ]
didn't drink enough water then yeah you
might want to take one or two days
to get back into that optimal state so
obsessing about the everyday thing is
bad but not that bad right next using
taxing exercises bad
right stop using taxing movements for
nucleus overload again the
recommendation the prescription has
always been
safe
non-damaging exercises such as cable
movements machines you know body weight
for something like push-ups or you know
dumbbells things that are not too
damaging because remember once again
there are two ways to increase satellite
cell activation one is through muscle
damage the other one is through high
frequency high weekly volume pump work
right the nucleus of a little utilizes
the ladder the reason i don't recommend
doing too much damage is because it's
going to take too long to recover it's
going to take you way too long to come
back and hit that muscle again whereas
with pump work which the studies have
backed up everything i've been saying
all this time right you can upregulate
sterilized cell activation and
myocardial donation even more than
somebody was doing damaging exercise and
the scientists the researchers were
surprised because prior to that everyone
thought oh you have to do muscle damage
to activate saturday cells and now they
found out especially with blood flow
restriction which is my favorite way of
doing liquids overload right in addition
to drop sets and stuff like that they
found out that you're getting more
satellite cell activation more my
nuclear donation with the least amount
of muscle damage we've seen in the
literature so stop thinking that you
have to use these taxing super damaging
movements right that has been debunked
so long ago and last but not least
not focusing on getting a pump again
very bad don't just go through the
motions and do your sets and wraps and
then walk out right no focus on the goal
you're trying to maximize the [ __ ] out
of the pump and once again i'm not
talking about a little [ __ ] pump where
you you know you grab a tempo number oh
look i feel blood no a skin stretching
pump you should feel your arm ready to
explode pushing your shirt
apart
right you want to maximize self swelling
as much as possible flood that muscle
with blood and which is why i love blood
flow restriction training so much
because you would nothing would give you
a pump like blood flow restriction
training right the only the only thing
that comes close is what i was doing
before which is drop set and obviously
super sets and rash balls and things
like that which again you could use
because the goal is to get a pump i
don't care how you get that pump right
but you want to maximize the pulse you
just go to the gym or do it at home and
you're not getting a sick pump all right
then you're not doing liquid solo you're
doing some random high frequency
[ __ ] and if you want to know why the
pump is so important watch the whole
video that i did on it and study the
literature on how important the pump is
for hypertrophy right it accounts for 20
to 35 of the variance in muscle growth
which is huge in this domain
anyway guys i said those are the top 10
most common mistakes that i see people
do on nucleus overload avoid them at all
costs all right don't forget to join the
reddit see you in the comments section
alright guys don't forget to like or
share the video subscribe and hit the
bell and buy my hsp nucleus of a little
training program it's the ultimate
program for maximum muscle growth it
includes full body workout splits bro
splits push-pull
home workouts you name it also comes
with a complete guide for macros
nutrition fat loss muscle growth
hormones including a meal plan
it's pretty much all my 16 years of
experience
condensed into one [ __ ] book you're
also going to get free copies of any
future edition so visit team3d alpha.com
and you can use the forty percent off
coupon code nucleus overload or you
could just buy this [ __ ] at full price
all right guys i'm out of here
