hey the next guy that's one two three
four five Ola made a video about all
those changes just a quick v1 and on the
whole training thing Ola is what about
Nigeria for it's very funny cuz he
stopped raining now when I first came to
the gym I remember that CSI we should
laughing because no not cuz he was I was
sleeping because he came in and he had a
whole different philosophy we were
trying to follow the whole like magazine
shame chest a back they on there
whatever any given he was like I want to
get big and I'm with my chest across one
thing he wanted was chest you didn't
want anything else but a big chest so he
came into the gym human factor was
yesterday he went straight to the bench
press and he was just bench bench bench
bench bench mints nothing else is
benched and me uh-huh
Toby others laugh I mean I called man
cuz we thought a new bed would you know
we know what the magazine said you got
to do once a week you can you can't you
understand muscle every day and he
didn't hear he just kept going in your
go on Monday say what up go straight to
the back bench bench spanish bench bench
he's whole workout was invention right
he'll come back Tuesday you go straight
to the rack
banks bench bench bench Wednesday
Thursday Friday weekends up come back
Monday will see me give an IV gonna say
something different no Google straight
like what do you know what you're
killing yourself right make a long story
short I had dropped out of school at
this arm and then three months later I
hear wounds did you see all the ladies
you see all the way oh my God he's so
huge you see you stare I was like who
says he wasn't but finally I met him
like a month after that I'm 100 so
because it was somebody's like yo all
ass [ __ ] Scott Hughes roommates do that
just I mean they think I'm pretty I
think it works on the - [ __ ] long
story short I finally met up on one day
a suicide I wanted it to see you to all
the boys training whatever it's been a
while and all that walks in and first
hit like it's wet oh I can't see [ __ ]
it was kind of baked but if you can't
really see as always where does he go he
go straight to the bench of stuff
benching and finally he hunts that him
gets like a little you know playful
arguments like oh oh you do is bands
that's all you got his chest is just not
even that big and all that gets up and
takes his shirt off everyone was going
up the gym guys he had this big ass like
watermelon looking just like two big ass
but it's like right here on his chest
and I was like are you kidding
and that's all you can explain because
he was disproportionate spark right here
like skinny legs I can do the rest of
his body grew only a little bit but the
monsters are involved in the bench press
which is done the chance to run that
some triceps was bigger than a
[ __ ] head is big a spry steps
big-ass chest and his shoes front does
right and then it's a funny okay they're
the exact three muscles that are being
used in a bench press so once again
overtraining principal BAM check next
guy I'd be a wirework absolutely dead
[ __ ] I would get up how to put on the
kind of muscle in 30 days lose no I
picked up round watch that perfect your
boys you're right it's another box that
looks very holocaust a pound of muscle
