hey guys what going on Megan here this
video is going to upset a lot of people
but hey this is all for entertainment so
the 20 most popular sports in the world
by the way this is a series I'm only
going to do I'm going to do multiple
parts right because it's going to be way
too long there's way too many sports um
so I'm going to do 20 at a time so 20
Sports ranked by how much testosterone
you need to dominate that sport right
and I'm going to use science I'm going
to be as objective as possible guys um
and the five factors I'm going to use to
rank the sport this what you know I'm
being objective is right number one
power how much power is needed to excel
at that sport power meaning strength and
speed right force and velocity second
height if Height plays a big role in
that sport then it's definitely going to
rank high because obviously most people
don't even know this but that's one of
the powerful effects that the stone do
in puberty is to increase growth hormone
signaling and blah blah blah three is
cardio right if cardio is a big factor
in that sport then it's going to have
obviously uh you know it's going to rank
higher because the stone is crucial for
EPO and red blood cell production number
three how much aggression do you need to
excel at that Sport and as far as
aggression goes we're going to focus on
the ability to inflict pain on somebody
else the willingness to inflict pain on
somebody else so in short the opposite
of impd right in this scenario obviously
there's many different ways to explain
aggression that's not the only Factor
but that's what we're going to use for
this one does that that sport require
you to inflict pain on somebody else or
does that sport require you to have low
levels of empathy because sure enough
testosterone lowers empathy on
average and uh what's the other one yeah
and then the last one is pain tolerance
right how much like how much pain can
you handle while you're doing that sport
right how much can you push through pain
right that's a very very underrated
effect that t last one it allows you to
keep pushing through pain it increases
your pain threshold right so these are
the factors I'm going to use used to
rank these Sports this way it's as
objective and science based as possible
all right let's get started number one
golf all right come on let's see do you
need a lot of power obviously a lot of
those sports are going to require some
power but you need a lot of power to
play golf of course not you could play
golf at 60 years old now you're not
going to be elite but you don't need a
lot of power to play golf do you need to
be tall obviously being tall will help
in some aspects but no you don't need to
be super tall to have an advantaging
golf cardio do you need to have a leite
morab cardio to be great at golf of
course not right of course you're going
to need some cardio but not a ton next
fearlessness right do you need to be
absolutely oh did I mention that earlier
when I was going through the criteria
yeah that's one of the criteria right
the ability to you know put yourself in
a situation where you know your life uh
is pretty much hanging in a balance
right so do you need to to to fear for
your life to play golf of course not and
last but not least do you need need to
have extreme pain tolerance to play golf
of course not right so golf does not
check any of the boxes so I'm going to
put golf at smeo tier yep sorry yeah I
know people are going to get but hurt
but again like I said this is an
objective list some of the sports that
even I like are not going to score high
right because I like to keep these list
free from buyers so yes it is not a high
testosterone sport if we use those
criteria
next uh let's see uh let's pick swimming
all right swimming do you need power of
course right to be a elite at swimming
right especially short distance you need
power you don't need crazy amounts of
power right you don't got to be for
instance and g n right but you need
power height yes Height plays a role um
cardio absolutely uh risk of death or
risk of serious injury right you have to
be super Fearless to be microbs of
course not right so it's not going to
get get a point on that do you need to
have high levels of aggression no high
amount of pain tolerance not really
right obviously you need enough to push
through uh the lactic acid uh buildup
and stuff like that the hydrogen isons
but you don't need a [ __ ] ton of um you
know pain tolerance to be a good swimmer
so I'm going to put it at I'm going to
put it at normal te I'm going to put at
normal te right it's somewhere between
normal te and it te but I'm going to put
at normal te from now um let's
see uh next let's look at Formula 1
racing do you need a lot of upper body
or even lower body power right a lot of
strength a lot of speed nope height do
you need to be super tall nope High
crazy amounts of cardio right Vulcan no
you do not need it uh risk of death is
definitely there risk of death is
definitely there right risk of serious
injury aggression no pain Tyrant no
right so I'm going to put it at normal
te right you do not need to have uh you
know the only reason why I'm not putting
it at low te right is simply because you
got to be Fearless to play this so you
definitely going to need a lot of
testosterone for that next let's see
let's look at cycling longdistance
cycling do you need a lot of power no
not for long
distance next do you need to be super
tall no you do not need to be super tall
right it could help but you don't need
to be super tall in some cases they
might actually handle you right uh next
you need crazy amount of cardio yes you
do is the risk of death crazy high no
it's not do you need to be do you need
to have high aggression nope do you need
to have crazy pain tolerance
not past the amount not more than the
amount you need to push through the
lactic acid so I'm going to put this at
I'm actually going to put this at low te
man it's in Pikachu TI right and the
only reason why it's not low is because
you need crazy amounts of cardio right
so you going need some to St on for that
next let's look at uh Marathon running
same thing Marathon running guys you
know it's going to go in low te it's
going to go in low te Pikachu te all
right by the way there goes the teers I
forgot to explain it right average is
guts tier and don't ask me why I put
guts in Normal I explained that a
million times right dude the stress out
of his mind and he barely sleeps you
tears High te katos tears Mega High te
and obvious see Thanos TI is the highest
Gauntlet tier right here right and then
smigo TI low castri TI below
smigo uh so let's see yeah so Marathon
running is going to be here for obvious
reason you don't need a lot of power
right you don't need to be tall in fact
the taller you are you know it's
actually going to set you back uh you
need crazy high cardio obviously but the
risk of death is not there uh and
obviously you need to be super
aggressive you don't you don't need any
aggression at all as far as pain tyance
again you only need enough uh just to
push through the uh you know the pain
and running but that's not what I'm
referring to when I say pain tolerance
I'm talking about like [ __ ] [ __ ]
hurts right you bleeding you injured uh
stuff like that but anyway next you have
a it's got to upset some people man
Cricket all right you do need some power
to play cricket but not a lot not a
whole lot height again you know there's
a lot of short talented cricket players
uh cardio I mean decent risk of death
come on not there aggression no pain Ty
no I'm
sorry I'm putting Cricket in um I'm
going to put in low tier simply because
you need some upper body power right I
was going to put in smigo tier but I'm
going to put it in Low T right Pikachu
T all right if you the levels drops
about 50% you can still be a good
Cricket player um next hockey oof oof
oof all right Canada's in the house all
right do you need a lot of power to play
highkey yes uh does height help with
highkey yes right don't forget guys not
height also decides uh how much muscle
you could pack on your frame which
obviously is going to impact your power
you know your power output so people
think height is just to be tall no you
know height is the main limiting factor
of how much muscle you could pack on
your frame without additional body fat
of go so so yes you need some power not
a lot but you need some power height
obviously it's going to give you an
advantage you know depend on your
position of course uh cardio yes you got
to have decent cardio not crazy cardio
right but decent cardio right you can't
have garbage V2 Max and be a good hockey
player uh risk a death for serious
injury it's there it's there it's there
um it's not uh super high but it's
definitely there U I mean some of the
injuries these people get it's like ah
and I can't mention the guy who uh you
know I can't mention it because YouTube
is so sensitive these days but somebody
did get UNS spawned um you know you guys
should know this look it up uh next
aggression yeah aggression has to be how
to play highkey obviously and obviously
you need pain tolerance so I'm going to
put at he te right I'm going to put
highkey at high te right you got to have
high te to be good at at
highkey uh let's see next we have soccer
oh my goodness I'm gonna get so much
hate for this all right do you need a
lot of power to play soccer well again
to be fair depends on your position
right depends on your position but for
the most part on average I'm not going
to move the go on average you don't need
a lot of power uh you know to play
soccer right yes like I said it depends
on your position but if you average all
the positions you do not need a lot of
power you need speed but not a lot of
strength right uh cardio yes you you
absolutely need cardio right so I'm
going to give it that point height ah
not really in fact some short soccer
players are Elite um risk a death for
serious injury I mean yeah they do get
some you know some gnly injuries but
nobody goes on the soccer field and goes
I might die today you know I might get
serious brain damage right so I'm going
to put that mid you know middle right
middle as far as risk of serious injury
you don't need to be super Fearless to
play soccer right if you want to be
technical I'm not going to give it that
point right you guys know how I freaking
[ __ ] on soccer all the time for but I
can make a I can make a video explaining
why I have such a a a you know I don't
want to say hatred but such a disdain
for soccer you know it's long story
short it's because when I was younger
during my my dad and my my whole family
love soccer right so when I go to visit
my dad you know we got to see him like
once every few months um but during
soccer season everybody was watching
soccer guys you guys know in Africa
soccer is a huge sport not just in
Africa but outside of the US and
everyone was watching soccer and I
couldn't watch Dragon Ball Z that [ __ ]
would drive me insane right it would
drive me insane I was like oh my
goodness this is my chance to watch you
know after school or even during the
summer trying to watch Dragon Ball Z
can't because everybody's watching
soccer sometimes they will even the the
cable channel would actually
cancel a whole bunch of shows to put
soccer so that made me hate soccer the
second reason why I dis likee soccer cuz
I was fat as hell when I was a kid and I
sucked ass I sucked so bad at soccer so
every time I try to play soccer with the
with the kids outside they would make me
goalie it would say just sit out there
you so fat the ball just going to bounce
off your belly you know and I just s
there on my
stomach so that made me dislike soccer
so it's not a horrible sport don't get
me wrong it's the most popular sport in
the world but uh I'm be objective with
this list okay so enough with the story
power you don't need a lot of power to
play soccer uh you need some speed but
you don't need to be strong as
hell uh next height again like I
mentioned uh you don't need to be super
tall uh cardio yes you do need cardio
risk of death I'm not giving it that
point the risk of death is not high uh
aggression you need some aggression to
play Saka but you don't have to be like
literally willing to inflict pain on
somebody else and pain tolerant is
somewhere low to Middle I'm sorry guys
I'm putting let's see I want to put Saka
in Pikachu TI
but fine fine fine I put Saka normal te
right normal right because it scores
middle sorry it SCS in the middle in a
lot of those
things all right next we have uh surfing
all right you don't need a lot of power
to Surf height nope right it's not going
to give you a huge Advantage if anything
is going to mess up your scent of
gravity uh cardio I mean cardio has to
be decent of course risk of death is
super high you got to be feess to you
know to serve so I'm definitely going to
give it that all the shars and [ __ ] not
to mention these massive waves oh I
don't know how these guys do it man uh
you definitely need uh to be Fearless
aggression nope pain tolerance not
really so I'm going to put surfing at
low I'm sorry right the only thing that
has going for it is you got to be
Fearless right but as far as the other
factors uh you don't really need it all
right next let's see
uh I'm going to get so much hate from
this tier list but oh well um oh God
ping pong table tennis okay do you need
a lot of power no you don't right you
need speed you need speed don't get me
wrong but you don't need power right
those are two different things right um
speed is an element obviously right in
power but where's the strength aspect
next height nope cardio ah not really
right obviously you can't have [ __ ]
cardio but you don't need to be morab uh
to play uh Pink B uh risk of death come
on come on nobody died from playing ping
pong I again I might be wrong I might be
wrong I know somebody's going to pull
out some random study or case report but
I don't keep up with ping pong I don't
want to keep up with ping pong and I'm
pretty sure nobody died from playing
ping pong but I might be wrong somebody
comment in the section if somebody got
unived by playing ping pong aggression
you do not need to be aggressive to play
pingpong are there some aggressive
pingpong players of course but you don't
need to be aggressive you know uh uh
willing to inflict pain on somebody else
you know to be P pain Ty come on right
doesn't have to be super high so I'm
putting it at super low T right I'm
sorry I'm sorry uh you do not need a lot
of testosterone to be good at pink pole
you got to have basic reaction time
though and testosterone does play a role
in reaction time but that's only uh you
know in the
mid-range meaning uh the inverter U
curve is uh is very uh is very narrow
all right next we have volleyball do you
need power yes you need some power to
play volleyball right obviously uh you
don't need a lot of it right but you
need a decent amount of power uh height
obviously Height plays a role in
volleyball right you're going to have an
advantage if you're taller cardio cardio
has to be decent not super high but it
has to be decent risk of death for
serious injury is not there aggression
no pain tyance no right but it does
score on the first three right so
believe it or not I'm going to put
volleyball and high and trust me that
that was shocking to me because when I
was making this list at first I thought
volleyball was going to be in low te U
until I like I said until I decided to
be objective and looked at the different
criteria right you need height you need
power you need cardio and that's enough
to uh to bring it
higher next let's see uh next we have
sprinting do you need a lot of power
absolutely super high amounts of power
guys the amount of power that Elite
sprinters can output look it up guys
it's insane right cuz remember power is
force times velocity right work over
time right so these guys are able to put
a ton of Force into the ground and do
that over and over again as fast as
possible uh height obviously Height
plays a role right if you super short
you're going to be good at like the
first few yards right um but if you tall
you're was going to have an advantage
because you you might be bad at
accelerating in the beginning right but
as you approach maximum speed you can
have an advantage in fact I so may US
same Bol so unique you know he will be
slow at the start but man once he got
going those long ass legs those long
strides so high PLO not a huge rooll
right um but it definitely plays a role
meaning if you five five actually no
let's let's let's pick extremes if you
45 right all equal you're going to get
destroyed by somebody who's even 57 5'8
or even 6 foot right um you're going to
be super good at accelerating but man
your leg's going to be short as hell
right so you're stradling uh so yeah
cardio you don't need a elak cardio but
you got you you do need a good V2 Max
you definitely do need a good V2 Max um
obviously if you approach to M 400 meter
you're going to need cardio more um next
risk of death not really aggression not
really pain tolerance not really right
right you know CU again if you're doing
100 meter sprint that lactic acid man
it's only building up for what you know
10
seconds so I'm going to put a high te
mainly because of the power high and
cardio part
right let's see uh next we have uh
tennis tennis do you need a lot of power
yes you do need a lot of power believe
it or not you need power to play tennis
uh there's a reason why male athletes
destroy female athletes in tennis right
now you don't need to be super jacked or
super you know explosive but you do need
power height yes height will give you an
advantage to an extent though to an
extent um you know think about it if you
have long ass arms you know there's a
lot of close calls in tennis right where
the person is literally like centimeters
away from hitting the ball so uh but you
could also argue that being too tall is
going to hurt you because it's going to
slow down your acceleration so it
depends cardio cardio has to be good
risk of death Serious injury not really
aggression not really pain tolerance not
really I'm going to put that normal T
put a normal
te so that's guts there next we have uh
let's see next we have baseball baseball
do you need a lot of power
absolutely right again obviously depends
on the position right but um yes you
need power to be Elite baseball player
height yeah Height plays a small role
right depending on again depend on the
position
uh cardio yes to an extent uh risk of
there for serious injury nah nah it's
low it's low of course some serious
injuries happen in all sports but it's
not super high you don't go on a
baseball field every day fearing for
your life right aggression nah doesn't
have to be high pain tolerance doesn't
have to be high so the only thing
baseball has going for it is the power
and the cardio P so believe it or not uh
I'm going to put that low te man I'm
going to put that low te I was going to
put that normal te right because of the
power C but the fact that it loses the
points on height and three other factors
I'm putting at
low uh and it's ouring that I put back
bons here right because he definitely
wasn't low tee if you guys know the
backstory um next basketball all right
this one do you need power absolutely
right uh do you need height no [ __ ] uh
cardio yes you got to have good cardio
uh risk a death or Serious injury nope
aggression nope pain tolerance nope so
I'm going to put this at normal
te it's somewhere between normal te and
high te actually let me think let me let
me rethink
this uh you do need
[Music]
uh uh yeah I'm going to put this one at
height T I have to I have to because of
the height and power part you got to be
at the extremes and again guys it is
very hard to be 6'5 7t whatever what I
to St on it's so hard I mean it's the
reason why kids who have delayed puberty
is short as hell there the reason why
men are taller than women you know
testosterone plays a huge role in growth
hormone signaling and al1 signaling blah
blah blah it also plays a huge role in
making sure that estrogen doesn't close
your grow your growth place too early so
um even though it only checks three out
of the six criteria I'm going to put it
up there because you do need a lot of
height lot of power a lot of
cardio next we have uh boxing oh boy
let's
see Power come on guys come on guys do I
have do I have to even explain this
check height Absolut see weight classes
that made people forget how important
height is in sports right because people
going to say oh look Manny Pacquiao look
Floyd Mayweather look this there yes
it's because we have weight classes
right if we didn't have weight classes
right some of the best fighters in the
world would be the taller guys why
because they will also weigh more
remember the taller you are not only you
have a longer reach but you could also
put on more muscle while keeping your
body fat the same right that's why 200
lb person right it's easy to be 200 lb
at 6'1 then is should be at at 4' five
right so yes because we have weight
classes you guys think that height
doesn't play a big role in boxing yeah
remove the weight classes and watch who
the Champions are going to be right it's
going to be the taller Fighters for the
simple fact that they have a lot more
muscle and a longer reach so yes power
plays a role Height plays a role cardio
plays a massive massive role risk of
death absolutely aggression absolutely
pain tolerance absolutely boxing goes in
Thanos tier Max just starts her checks
all the freaking boxes all the boxes and
no I'm not biased this is an objective
list trust me there's some sports I
wanted to be high that ended up being
low so I'm not being biased here next
you have uh rugby let's see Power right
combination of strength and speed yes
does High play a role of course right to
an extent but of course you know back to
what I explained earlier about the you
know the limitation of muscle MK uh of
course some rugby players are short but
if you look at the average height you
know is high uh cardio yes risk of death
and serious injury absolutely aggression
absolutely pain tolerance absolutely it
also goes in actually it goes in katto
steer katto steer Mega it I'm not going
to put it in Theos steer because you
know
again you I cannot put rugby and boxing
in the same category right um so yeah uh
next so so even though it checks all the
boxes the degree to which it trcks all
the boxes is not the same as boxing next
we have uh wrestling all right let's see
Power and I'm talking about Olympic
wrestling right power check height check
obviously you know if you remove Weight
glasses height is going to have give you
an advantage now of course you know
shorter shorter wrestlers have lower
centers of gravity right but again if
you remove weight classes on average the
taller Fighters taller wrestlers are
going to going to have a a big
Advantage right mainly because they're
going to weigh more they're going to be
massive um you don't believe me try
putting Alex in Caroline against like I
don't know some freaking wrestler that's
freaking I don't know 5 foot2 or
something you know same scale same
everything he's going to get destroyed
uh cardio absolutely wrestlers are
cardio monsters despite having all of
this muscle mass uh risk a death and
serious injury I mean yes you know it's
not super high of course but it's up
there aggression super high pain
tolerance super high I'm going to put in
mega High te onlyon I'm not putting a
higher is because the risk of death and
serious injury is not as high as
boxing um it's there but it's not as
high next we have uh American football
right it's shock a lot of you guys again
it depends on the position but on
average I'm looking at running backs
linebackers you know defensive ends you
know o line all that stuff right power
strength and speed absolutely Height
plays a huge role again depending on
your position but on average um yes
cardio yes riska death or Serious injury
yes CTE maxing um aggression absolutely
pain tolerance absolutely I'm going to
put it in mega High te the only reason
why I'm not putting highes because again
they're very protected they have the
helmets they have the pads you know I
cannot put as much and this is how you
know I'm not biased because again you
know football is one of my favorite
sports right it's up there with MMA and
all that stuff in fact if I have to pick
just one sport if I have to pick just
two sports and wipe out the rest of
sports you know out of out of sorry out
of existence using my Thanos Gauntlet
I'm going to pick MMA and football right
so I'm not being
biased and I'm not going to put in
Thanos tier last but not least least we
have MMA let's see does power give you
an advantage absolutely height
absolutely if you remove the weight
classes uh now not to mention the reach
Advantage cardio are you kidding me
right absolutely risk a death and
serious injury how Fearless do you have
to be to be MMA fighter Max Level over
9,000 aggression maxed out pain
tolerance maxed out I'm going to put MMA
at the very top of thanos's tier all
right that's it guys stay tuned for part
two I'm going to cover the next 20
Sports
