hey guys what's up this is my full body
workout this is the all routine of my
full body workout uh chris jones made a
similar video i think two three days ago
uh and i put on his page like damn man i
have recorded this like on the knife
and i should have put it up first i
could be like yeah man he's copying me
i'm just [ __ ] with y'all man it's all
up but um yeah uh also me and chris have
the same philosophy on arm training i i
really believe in supersets and compound
sets for i'm training because uh in my
full body workout it usually takes two
to three hours and we're not we don't
have time
to [ __ ] um have 30 minutes for all
for bicep terminus for triceps so what
we do is we superset a lot we're doing
it for like three months now no not two
months now and we're getting good
results so i start off with close quick
bench press and i super set with uh
bubba curls i have two more variations
of the superset and i'm going to try to
upload the other videos um i have a
whole bunch of my camera so alright stay
tuned
