hey guys what's going on Megan here all
right so I'm going to rank the top 10
most popular workout splits based on
which ones obviously best for Fighters
beginner Fighters especially those who
are trying to maximize muscle growth
while trying to balance sparring
Mobility work recovery and everything
else I'm going to rank full body
workouts bro splits push pull upper
lower all no split everything all right
let's get started bro split is going to
go in fjer right hands down if you're a
fighter that's one of the worst splits
you could do if you're trying to
maximize muscle growth while also
balancing training all not split is
going to go in detail and don't worry
guys I'm going to explain the rankings
later on at the end of the video normal
push pool where you're doing legs on
push day that's going to go into B tier
upper lower that's also going to go into
B tier full body two days a week that's
going to go into a tier full body three
times a week that's going to go into s
tier and tagon is split so that's when
you do chass and back on one day quads
and hamstrings on another day biceps and
triceps on another day blah blah blah
pretty much antagonist muscle groups
every day that's also going to go in
detail HSP training the full body
version that's obviously going to go
into I come on guys it's my training
program I created it over a decade ago
and it's still the best training program
out there hands down and you can
obviously get it for free so it's not a
plug just watch my videos on it or I'll
make more if you want and last but not
least a hybrid full body/ bro split
that's also going to go into s tier as
long as you're doing HSP training of
course now if you want to know why
they're rank this way well it's very
simple remember guys if you're a fighter
you have to worry about way way too many
things right you have to do hypertrophy
work strength work power work cardio
work mobility and injury prevention work
offensive sparring defensive sparring
obviously you have to do cognitive stuff
right because you don't want to be
onedimensional right you don't want to
just be a you know good at fighting and
suck at everything else right so you got
to do cognitive stuff right you got to
read study go to school whatever you
guys are doing you got to do obviously
social work you got to develop your
social skills you guys know at Team 3D
Alpha I'm a big believer in being as
balanced as possible financially
physically spiritually emotionally and
intellectually right so you got to work
on your social skills like I always say
success is not about what you know it's
about who you know what else you got to
do recovery obviously and you got to
leave room uh and time for emergency and
miscellaneous stuff right so the biggest
issue with Fighters is you guys do not
have enough time and you do not have
enough room to recover therefore you
want to focus on training splits that
maximize frequency because the best way
to develop strength strength is a skill
is to do the exercise more frequently so
you got to find a way to increase
frequency cardio work density
functionality right you want exercises
that actually carry over to your sport
whether it's boxing wrestling MMA and
again you want to have you also want to
have room for full central nervous
system recovery right doing chest on one
day and back on the next day yeah you
recovering your chest but you're not
recovering your full central nervous
system so that's why I'm ranking the
splits in that order right when when
you're doing full body training whether
it's twice a week or three times a week
you checking all of the boxes I just
mentioned you're getting maximum
frequency without sacrificing recovery
cuz you're hitting every mon of three
times a week but you're also recovering
your full central nervous system from
resistance training up to four times a
week depending on how you structure your
program you have plenty of days to
recover or focus on other scills so now
you could have days to do sparring you
could have days to do Mobility work you
have days to do anything else that's
within your program structure right
because one of the worst things you
could do is do resistance training a
full blown hard resistance training
session in one day and also try to do
school and work and sparring and cardio
later in that day right if you're
natural you're going to burn out unless
you have Elite genetics right full body
workout are also extremely taxic on your
cardiovascular system so you're pretty
much doing cardio every time you're
doing full body workouts in addition to
your cardio you guys already know I'm
very big on this fighting really comes
down to endurance especially when all
other skills are matched so any chance
you get to work on your V2 Max go for it
and obviously full body workouts come
built in with a huge cardio burden and
obviously you have the functionality
aspect right there's nothing worse than
trying to train chess on one day and
then lags on another day as a fighter
and if you you just focusing on
hypertrophy as a bodybuilder that's fine
you can do whatever SP you want but as a
fighter that's horrible because again
you're not mimicking your sport you're
never going to be in the fight
especially at the high level where
you're not using your entire body as a
unit that's not going to happen right so
you need to learn how to utilize your
chest when your legs are tired how to
utilize your legs when your back is
tired how to use your shoulders when
your triceps are tired right isolating
one body part at a time does not
translate over to the real world because
trust me the movements you do at the gym
when you isolating one body part do not
carry over to the real world in a
fighting scenario but anyway if you're
curious as to which muscles you should
prioritize as a begin a fighter check
out my video on the 20 most important
muscles for fighting all right don't
forget to support the channel by buying
the testosterone ebook and the HSP
training ebook like subscribe I'm out of
here
