hey guys what's up this Megan here
another video of my one of the exercises
that I do on my um strongman day former
walks love this exercise love it love it
love it been doing it for about what two
months now or a month and a half I don't
know um consistently once a week uh
started off with pretty much you just
pick up a weight it's kind of like a
dead lift and uh just walking with the
weight you know you deadlift the heavy
dumbbells off the ground and you walk uh
as far as you can you know back and
forth until your your strength gives out
pretty much it's a great exercise cuz it
works your your legs from the initial
you know movement when you get up your
forearms your grip obviously you don't
want to use stps for this and your traps
your upper back uh your core your abs
you know what I'm saying to stabilize
your body so it's a great exercise and
it's a great way to test your strength
so I love doing this like I say once
again on empty stomach is when I do all
my explosive movements and all my strong
man movements to kind of really test the
limits of my strength um I don't
recommend people to do that on empty
stomach but that's just the way I do it
and I really love it it's really really
really challenging exercise it really
tests how badass you are cuz that
Hurts by the way I'm using 125 lb dumb
in each on each hand so that's about 250
I'm going to increase the weight next
week every week thanks for watching
these are some man hands some former
walking deadlift Man Hands man look at
that look at
it
