hey guys going on megan here back from
my little vacation hope you guys missed
me
if you didn't f off all right so today's
top tier tuesday is going to be on best
training splits to maximize muscle
growth right so what are the most
anabolic training splits if time is of
the essence right so let's say you have
a group of guys and you have
six months to get as big as you can
naturally get right so let's say you
have six months to get sold what is the
training split
that will help you maximize your gains
assuming everything else is equal right
so maximum size on your chest your back
your legs your arms your shoulders your
traps everything now quick disclaimer
guys this video is for hard gainers this
video is for guys who are skinny skinny
fat have [ __ ] genetics because that's my
expertise this video is not for the
genetic freaks out there you guys grow
on any [ __ ] split and trust me guys
i've been doing this for over 16 years
i've seen genetics come and go i've seen
the good genetics the biogenetics some
people just respond to anything right
you got guys out there who grow their
[ __ ] lats from jerking off right so
so this video is for the average person
the average [ __ ] genetics hard gainer
because i know how to get you guys big
that's what i've been doing for over a
decade in fact quick rant one of my
biggest complaints about the fitness
industry is that
99 of the advice out there comes from
guys who are one either on [ __ ] roids
or two have top tier genetics right
that's why people are small because you
guys are constantly following the advice
of people who just grew from anything
right i mean think about it think about
the biggest bodybuilders with the
biggest followings on instagram the
biggest challenge right they usually won
on roy's right or obviously trt we
should try to act like it's not roids
right and two they have top tier
genetics that advice is not necessarily
going to work for you right you got guys
out there who do three sets of bicep
curls once a week and boom great gains
20-inch arms and now the average dumb
ass watches the video and goes oh that's
i'm gonna get my biceps paid good luck
with that [ __ ] right so stop
taking advice from people who have no
idea what it's like to have [ __ ]
genetics but anyway you guys already
know the format i'm about to nut that's
the best of the best [ __ ] amazing
second best okay that's middle average
bad and obviously pure garbage and we
have the top five most popular splits
right so you have bro split uh full body
workouts push-pull upper lower
um push-pull lags blah blah blah right
as far as the criteria we're gonna use
to rank them obviously number one what
maximizes protein sentences on a weekly
basis right because you can maximize
protein genesis myofibular producers of
course in one day but that's obviously
relevant right we want to know what can
maximize protein sentences long term
number two
something that's going to help you
maximize effective weekly volume for
example most people need about 10 or 20
sets to grow minimum obviously if you
have great genetics you're growing 10
cents a week if you have shitty genetics
you need 20 or more but we all know you
cannot do all that value in just one day
right the average muscle needs about
five or hard sets a day
to maximize protein sentences so if you
need 20 sets a week and you try to do
all of that in one day good luck right
the first five steps is where you're
going to get the bang for your buck the
other 15 sets either junk volume or just
going to contribute to fatigue central
nervous system burnout or excessive
muscle damage so solo by getting your
maximum weekly volume spread out so that
every single set counts three we're
looking for the split that's obviously
going to help you maximize recovery
because we all know recovery is when the
muscle's actually growing and i'm
referring to local recovery and central
nervous system recovery number four we
want to display that's gonna help
minimize muscle damage because obviously
too much muscle damage is gonna slow
down uh protein genesis right most of
your protein synthesis is going to go
towards repair as opposed to growth
right we don't want that right we want
to lose sarcomeres we want new
myofibrils new contractile elements we
don't want to waste most of your protein
sentences towards repairing excessive
muscle damage and lastly we want to
display the savage going to help
maximize all the growth factors right
satellite cell activation my nuclear
donation right the myostatin phallus
statin pathway m to activation androgen
receptor rgf1 mechanical growth factor
all of the growth factors we want
display that's going to maximize that
within that time frame all right so
let's get started bro split obviously
bad everyone knows this right if you
don't know this about natural if you've
been watching my videos for years you
already know this bro split bag keep in
mind this video is for the average guy
the average guy with [ __ ] genetics or
the average hard gainer you're doing
bro's place you wasting your [ __ ]
time and i'm referring to the
traditional bro split one body part uh a
day you know type [ __ ] like monday chess
tuesday back blah blah blah right oh
you're going to grow of course you're
going to grow right side you see
resistance training but we're talking
about maximizing muscle growth within a
certain period of time and bro's place
is literally out of all the training
space the slowest way to grow if you're
a hard gainer i repeat it's the slowest
way to grow if you're a hard gainer
you're only training a muscle once a
week and remember muscle protein
sentences myofibular protein synthesis
peaks in less than 24 hours right after
that it goes back down towards baseline
and if you train obviously the window's
a lot smaller you guys already know the
story i've been talking about this for
years training your chest on monday and
waiting until the following monday to
train again and keep in mind if you're a
beginner and you got to recover from
muscle damage that's completely
different right because if you're never
training your life the first the first
few workout sessions you're not really
building muscle you're just repairing
muscle damage and getting ready your
body's pretty much adapting to the you
know to the stress and once you finally
pass the you know initial muscle damage
phase you know in a repeated body fat
kicks in you need to train more
frequently now if you're on roids or you
have great genetics right you have a lot
of myonuclei you have high energy
receptor content your baseline protein
breakdown is low your baseline protein
synthesis is elevated of course you
could do a bro split right if you have
great genetics or you want to juice you
can try and tress on monday you're going
to get that huge spike in protein
synthesis
right and it's not going to go back to
baseline until days later because again
that constant androgen receptor activity
and constant m2 activity is going to
keep proteogenesis elevated that's why
the only people that do great on broad
splits are people with great genetics or
people who want roids now don't get me
wrong people think i hate bros blades
it's actually the opposite they're
actually my most enjoyable splits right
if it was up to me the only split i
would [ __ ] do was bruce plays right
because i love
training both space i love going to the
gym and focusing on one body part at a
time but guess what
i have [ __ ] genetics i'm a hard gainer i
barely grew on broad space and it's the
same with my clients the same with my
friends i put on more muscle back when i
used to bodybuild i put on more muscle
in six months of full body workouts than
i did in two years of [ __ ] bro split
go watch the old videos right so i
actually love bros place right if bros
place was superior i'll be the number
one proponent in rose place because if
it was up to me that's all i will
[ __ ] do only problem is no one is
trying to wait [ __ ] 10 or 20 years to
add an inch to the [ __ ] bicep i'm
obviously exaggerating but you get the
point also keep in mind my ebook has a
bro split routine in it so i have no
financial incentive to [ __ ] on bro's
place right i prescribe those plates
based on my class one because remember
the best blade is the one that actually
results in maximum endurance right the
one that you can actually stick to so if
you love bro splits by all means go for
it just know what you're getting
yourself into all right next push pull
again this is push including legs on
push day and obviously pull the next day
this one isn't [ __ ] amazing right
[ __ ] amazing category because one you
get to maximize weekly volume without
doing too much volume per day on this on
a specific body part right so you get to
spread out your weekly volume
you get to train everybody part at least
two to three times a week right which is
the bare minimum if you're a hard gainer
right two to three times a week the only
reason it's nothing i'm about to not
categorize because your central nervous
system is gonna get [ __ ] fraud right
unless you're obviously you know very
experienced you've been doing this for a
long time and you manage recovery very
well so push pull again legs being part
of push day [ __ ] amazing category
upper lower again also in [ __ ]
amazing category right
for the same reasons i mentioned earlier
you get to train everybody about two to
three times a week depending on how you
set it up so you're getting the same
amount of weekly volume but you're
actually spreading it out throughout the
week which is going to help you maximize
protein sentences while simultaneously
lowering excess muscle damage again the
only reason why it's not higher is
simply because of the recovery issue
right you're gonna have to train almost
every single day um except for one if
you want to really maximize frequency so
your central nervous system is really
only going to get one full day to reset
right it's not good to have your
sympathetic nervous system always always
activated every single day
all right so make sure if you're doing
any of these splits make sure you have
an amateur reset period after about four
to six weeks next push pull lags again
this one goes in the okay category right
simply because you can only train
everybody part about twice a week right
which is good you know it's a good sweet
spot but remember remember if you're a
hard gainer you need that frequency you
need that heart effective volume you
want to keep protein sentences elevated
constantly right you pretty much want to
mimic the effects of steroids you're
obviously not going to fully uh you're
not going to get the same result but you
know that's the goal you want to keep
protein sentences elevated get that
spike within the first 16 to 24 hours
and hit that muscle again before the the
spike goes back towards baseline the
only issue is again you can only train
about twice a week unless you set it up
so that you have more frequency and
there are ways to do that and obviously
the king full body workouts guys
i've been preaching about this for over
10 years now right if you're a hard
gainer you're skinny fat it results
speak for themselves right so you don't
have to believe me go back to the old
videos look at the progress that was
made on my friends my clients myself
full body workouts of the fastest way to
pack on mass if you're a hard gainer
period right starting with a three times
a week split right so monday wednesday
friday you get to train every muscle
three times a week you get four full
days of recovery right so you're
slamming so you're training extremely
hard three times a week but you also
have four full days of recovery so
you're getting more frequency than all
the other splits and
right more equal frequency right
depending on these but you're getting
four full days off right four days for
your parasympathetic nervous system to
kick in four full days so replenish your
glycogen stalls so we punish your
dopamine recover from excessive muscle
damage you just can't beat the basic
three times a week full body workouts
play now obviously the more advanced you
get you're gonna have to eventually
transition to four times a week then
five times a week then eventually six
times a week but that's if you were
extremely advanced right and you
obviously don't want to train extremely
hard if you're doing a six times a week
split you don't want to train extremely
hard every day right you're gonna have a
higher per day low effort they hire for
day low effort day right this way you
can train six times a week without [ __ ]
you know without [ __ ] burning out but
if you're a beginner you're a hard
gainer start with three times a week and
slowly add days as your recovery
management progresses so once again full
body workouts number one split for hard
gainers you're maximizing weekly protein
sentences you're maximizing your heart
affected weekly volume
right you're spreading that [ __ ] out
you're maximizing recovery because you
have four full days of rest you're
maximizing your growth factors and
you're obviously minimizing local muscle
damage right because you're not doing
[ __ ] 10 or 20 sets
you know uh on the same muscle group in
just one session right that's going to
lead to way too much muscle damage but
there's a big caveat right the one thing
that i noticed is that almost everybody
who tries full body workouts does them
wrong right because
they do full body workouts but then they
try to recover as if they were doing
typical splits right when you're doing
full body workouts remember guys your
protein requirement goes up right
science has confirmed this you cannot
eat 20 grams of protein and think oh i'm
going to maximize protein synthesis no
guys you training chest back traps
shoulders quads hamstrings you can't
train that much that many muscle groups
and eat as if you were just training
chest and triceps right and that's why
most studies that compare food by
workouts and splits are done completely
wrong because
diet is kept the same
so you got one group going to the
[ __ ] gym going to war on the entire
body and you got one group doing a
little [ __ ] chest and triceps workout
and you're giving them the same protein
the same carbs the same calories right
make it make sense in what world does
that make sense
if you're doing full body workouts you
got to eat more calories more carbs
obviously right because you're depleting
full body glycogen stores right not to
zero but you know what i mean your
protein requirement has to go up right
because it takes about double the amount
of protein to reach the same amount of
protein sentences i mentioned that study
a while back right you obviously need a
lot more water that's another thing most
people doing full body workouts are
dehydrated as [ __ ] because once again
they think oh it's just like a typical
chest and tries to work out no you need
at least a gallon of water a day and
that's the bare minimum you gotta
replenish your electrolytes right so
your mineral requirements go up your
vitamin requirements go up right more
zinc more magnesium more potassium more
sodium and if your workout takes more
than an hour make sure you have an intro
workout shake to kind of lower the
cortisol spike a bit right so most
people doing full body workouts are
doing them completely wrong and it's
amazing that some studies show that full
body workouts have equal or in some
cases better gains displaced because the
full body group is actually under
nourished
which shows you how anabolic full body
workouts are or because the full body
group is under nourished but they have
equal or sometimes better gains
depending on which study you're looking
at by the way guys that's it but
remember at the end of the day stick to
the split you actually enjoy the most
right if you hate full body workouts
you're not gonna stick to them so pick
something you can actually stick to
especially if you're disciplined in
straps right if your discipline is trash
pick something you can stick to right if
you're extremely disciplined then
obviously stick to the most optimal
split because i'd rather have you doing
bro splits but being consistent at them
for years then hopping on full body
workouts and then burning out after two
weeks because your [ __ ] ass they want
to manage recovery well so pick the
split that you can stick to long term
also factor in your work and how
stressful your your job or your life is
and things like that anyway you guys
read this too [ __ ] long hope you
enjoy comment below let me know what you
want me to rank next tuesdays uh for
next tuesday stop today tuesday alright
i'm out here all right guys don't forget
to like or share the video subscribe and
hit the bell and buy my hsp nucleus of a
little training program it's the
ultimate program for maximum muscle
growth it includes full body workout
splits bro splits push-pull home
workouts you name it also comes with a
complete guide for macros nutrition fat
loss muscle growth hormones
including a meal plan it's pretty much
all my 16 years of experience
condensed into one [ __ ] book you're
also going to get free copies of any
future edition so visit team3d alpha.com
and you can use the 40 off coupon code
nucleus overlord or you could just buy
this [ __ ] at full price all right guys
i'm out of here
