on Megan here um this video is on
dopamine right I'm amazed at
um some of the messages I'm getting
obviously you guys know the deal now all
my videos are based on uh the bul of
messages I'm receiving and I I like that
idea it works pretty well because it
allows me to answer a lot of questions
in just one video and since since it's
based on messages that I get a lot I
could just refer people to that video
instead of answering them over and over
again uh so that's the perfect
compromise all right and most of the
questions I'm getting obviously is on
motivation and you know things like that
and I was amazed because I figured 90%
of people by now would know what damine
is you know at least the the basic
functions of
dopamine and every time I would ask them
you know well you know how your dopamine
levels or blah blah blah more often than
not I would get what does DOA mean what
do you mean and I'm like what like I
mean I don't expect people to know the
the you know the brain from top to
bottom even though that would really
help you in life but some of the basic
things about the human body you should
know guys I mean that's just
unacceptable you know you don't have to
be a a biochemist you don't have to be a
scientist some of the basic things about
how your brain operates you should just
know you know take a day out of your
[ __ ] schedule right and just watch
your T talk go to Wikipedia pull up you
know Open YouTube and just learn the
essentials you know just the basics you
don't have to know everything but learn
the basics you know dopamine you have no
excuse you you must know what dopamine
is you should know what serotonin is you
know oxytocin all the basic things the
fancy [ __ ] leave that to the scientist
but the things that will help you in
life and that have such a huge effect on
your
behavior I expect everyone to know these
things right but um instead of running I
was like you know what just make a quick
video again just like The Fat Loss one
um and then just break it down right so
I drew this one real fast and uh let's
try to get to the bottom of this let me
set the timer so I don't go on forever
where's the timer the
timer I can't [ __ ] find it but anyway
so dopam me let's start from scratch I'm
trying so hard to keep it as simple as
possible but we have your brain here you
see your brain is here and this [ __ ]
produces dopamine right it's response to
uh obviously you guys know almost
everything in synthes out some amino
acids so let's I put it I put it down
here at the bottom right let's say you
eat some fish the body will take the
fish break it down into protein you know
you know the protein from the fish turn
into amino acids turn that into phenol
alanine into tyrosine blah blah blah all
the you know fancy geeky stuff right
then obviously if you have enough
insulin in your blood that's going to
clear out the competing amino acids
because you guys know amino acids
compete in the blood for digestion
and this will allow you know pH alanine
and tarene to be carried you know by the
lnaa transporter which is the large
neutralino acid resp it and that would
carry those things into the brain or
into the gut I don't want to go into
details and in the brain those two amino
acids will be converted eventually into
L Doopa and then dopamine right and then
eventually everybody knows dopamine
becomes adrenaline and uh no adrenaline
depend on which country you in you call
it differently but we focusing on
dopamine today right what is do I mean
does for most of you guys that know I'm
going to try to keep it simple so you're
not bored but for you guys who don't
it's really the pleasure hormone it's
also the motivation hormone it does a
lot of things it's a hormone it's a
neurotransmitter in short it's what
helps you uh repeat behaviors right when
you feel pleasure from sex look at this
[ __ ] right here with this tongue out
you know from sex from eating food
playing video games drugs don't do drugs
[ __ ] Sports you know what makes you
excited about watching football or
soccer or boxing
say of you know all these things right
whenever you feel that this high this
huge you know this this surge of
pleasure dopamine has a lot to to play
in it you know it's it's one of the main
neurotransmitters when it comes to
pleasure so it and it also most people
only focus on the pleasure aspect they
forget that it's also responsible for
motivation you know when you have the
motivation to uh get up and go to the
gym that's dope with me you know when
you when you pumped up to go to a soccer
game or to go play basketball with your
friends that's dopamine when you Mo it
to to go outside and hang out whatever
anything that produces pleasure right
the motivation to do that thing will
come from dopamine and what that does is
it helps you repeat the behavior over
and over again that's why drugs tend to
[ __ ] up your dopamine Pathways because
it you know it leads to a buildup of
dopamine and you just keep injecting
yourself over and over again blah blah
blah right once again trying to keep the
video short so why is dopamine so
important for everything bodybuilding
losing weight you know uh going to
school you know if you don't get a big
enough dopamine response from something
chances are you won't repeat it remember
it's the neurotransmitter that makes you
repeat behaviors so if you do something
that hasn't Spike dopamine enough
chances are you won't repeat that
behavior if you do something that spikes
dopamine you know everybody's different
right but most of us you know sex and
food Spike the [ __ ] out dopamine but for
example let's look let's look at video
games some people might play a
basketball video you know game and not
get too excited you would check their
brain you know scans and [ __ ] you'll
notice that they're not getting a big
dopamine Spike from playing that game
but they might get it from playing Call
of Duty so guess what happens when they
do play Call of Duty they get that huge
spike in dopamine and then boom they're
addicted they keep playing over and over
and over again you know everyone is
different when it comes to those you
know you know uh it's a it's a function
of you know interest but as far as sex
and food and things like that you know
that's almost everybody body you know we
get a response from doing those things
so what does that have to do with um
obviously also Drew dopamine here you
know it comes it's produced here
sometimes in your adrenal glands and it
goes to different regions of your brain
and does different [ __ ] right but most
importantly we focus on the reward
center we we focus on the pleasure
aspect of so why is that important for
the people that mess me about depression
and motivation all those things this is
what I'm referring to when I say what
are your damine levels like you know if
you trying to start a daily routine or
you trying to become disciplined in a
new fi or you trying to I don't know
find a motivation to do certain things
if you're not getting a dopamine Spike
from doing those things you're not going
to last we all know consistency is the
biggest thing when it comes to achieving
any goal it's not IQ it's not you know
uh strength it's just consistency
staying consistent and we also know as
humans it's hard for us to stay
consistent in things we have no passion
about things that we don't get pleasure
from doing you don't have to ask you
don't say Megan I need motivation to
play my video games why because you're
getting enough dopamine from doing from
playing that video game so it's natural
you know you don't you don't work hard
to play your video game you're getting
pleasure from it so how do you use that
in your everyday life simple use the
path effect that I was talking about
find a way to make this new Journey that
you on whether it's a fat loss Journey
or a muscle building Journey or trying
to learn about whatever find a way to
make that that that uh that process
pleasurable right find a way to spike
dopamin mean as you doing that thing
right so if you're trying to learn if
you're trying to start reading or you're
trying to start jogging but it's a pain
in the ass and you hate it well find a
way to attach jogging with something
that spikes stup me this where you
create this nice path L effect and you
become addicted to dragging indirectly
you get what I mean that's why I keep
telling people music music Is Everything
music is one of the things that spikes
dopamine and humans along with laughter
and things like that so this is why
every time I do my jump rope I have my
favorite playlist on this is why when I
go to to the gym you would not see me in
the gym without my uh my phone my gym
playlist right why because I attached
the activities that I don't want to do
sometimes with pleasurable activities
this way my brain doesn't think hey man
let's go do a full body workout which
[ __ ] kicks ass sometimes but my brain
thinks let's go listen to that you know
badass playlist I go to the gym I put
the headphones on press play the music
is on it's a song that I specifically
put in there to pump me up what happens
double mean goes up while I'm in a gym
which creates an association with the
gym so I end up falling in love with my
workouts you know it's not it's not
every day you're going to love your
workouts you have to find ways to trick
and manipulate your brain into loving
the things that you know you must do you
know I hate sometimes I just hate doing
my jump roping on my Sprints but I go
out there with a specific playlist or I
look at certain images that motivate me
whatever anything that's going to spike
your dopamine is going to increase
motivation it's going to increase
pleasure and it's going to make the
behavior repeatable so whenever you
message and I mentioned dopamine come
back to this video If you haven't and
you know get to the bottom of everything
right make sure before you even try to
ulk on any Journey you understand how
damine works and you find ways to
manipulate it even homework I [ __ ] I
hate doing homework and the semester is
about to start soon how do I get my
homework done simple the place where I
do my homework I have my music there I
have images that pump me up in you know
in the [ __ ] background right I
surround myself with things that Spike
dopamine and makes the activity so much
more enjoyable and therefore repeatable
all right guys hope that helps sorry the
video is longer than I expected but uh
if you want me to go into more details
on how to spike the me the different
things that increases such as you know
uh music and uh streets you know if you
if you uh go dragging every day and you
place it you put that in your calendar
you check it off each time that actually
increases dopamine dopamine goes up when
your body notices when your brain
notices that you're gaining momentum or
something you know when you like I said
when you running through a streak you
know when you uh doing something new
when you're doing something unexpected
something thrilling all these things SP
dopamine if you want I'll make a
separate video explaining all the ways
to increase it but this video is just on
dopamine 101 how it works you know and
how it's crucial crucial for any goal
whether it's bodybuilding or life or
anything right and don't forget right
dopamine comes from food you need amino
acid to be to go through this whole
conversion process and become dopamine
so if you're not eating enough then
don't even waste your [ __ ] time right
you know atoms don't disaar out of
nowhere so I'm make sure you're getting
enough protein you know don't stress it
you know the average protein you're
getting should have enough T enough you
know Aline and your body will take care
of the conversion process but that's it
guys hope this video helps and uh don't
forget to like subscribe share all that
good [ __ ] I'm out
segments so go in the comment section
and just vote vote on what you think is
your most requested uh topic and then
obviously the one that has the most
likes are the ones are going to
prioritize in case let's
