what's going on guys just woke up good
good news for me um today is actually
Wednesday and I have work from 8 to like
later on this evening and I have class
and I get up and I look at my my text
messages and the school sent me a text
saying that this the school closed the
schools going to be open until until
like 4:00 5 this evening me you know
pretty much meaning there's no work
there there's no work and no classes cuz
I don't really have a night class I just
not on Wednesday at least so I was like
perfect man like no exams no work no
whatever so I got up early cuz my body
normally wakes up that early cuz I'm so
used to it but then I realized hey man I
got free time so I'm go to the gym I
didn't work out yesterday so I'm I'm you
know I'm good working out today plus I
ate good yesterday and I was tell you
guys what you eat the day before call
backloading what going to help you the
next day so I'm going to gym now I'm
going to hit a full body workout I'm
going to try to record it I don't like
recording my workouts cuz it it takes
away from my focus and my my resir which
are really really short but a lot of
people asking for my full body routines
so stay tuned for this one also you you
probably saw the other video rocking
gorilla Weare check these guys out great
great quality stuff at first when I saw
the prices online I was complaining I
was like man I'm too low budget for this
but then when the stuff came in the mail
it's actually good you know good quality
so I can't wait to hit it up plus
coincidentally it matches with my
favorite protein callable black and red
black and red black and red I got these
uh wrist wraps I think they send this as
a bonus cuz I really didn't order this
they send me bonus items um on top of
the stuff that they gave me for free so
um um I might go on Google and figure
how to put this on like I don't know I
just [ __ ] around and did it this way
anything that's high tech I won't know
how to use I don't I don't nor don't buy
I'm a little budger you guys know so
things look you know looks looks pretty
cool plus another thing is this came in
right in time let me show you right I
use regular wrist wraps and look what it
does to my you see that black spot
around my wrist that's what I'm doing my
heavy rack pools and my heavy deadlifts
so it [ __ ] up my um my skin it's the
same thing on the other um and it hurts
like a [ __ ] cuz I'm I'm pulling
so much weight more than my body can
handle so um I'm actually going to put
this on then put my uh my straps around
it and see how that works but yeah guys
uh what else I got up early in the
morning made my where is that well I
cleaned the dishes but made some eggs
which I finished eating made some ground
beef with my peanut butter some tea um
made my shake that I'm going to take to
the gym with me and I'm ready to kill it
guys stay tuned for the video all right
like subscribe comment rate favorite all
that good [ __ ] and don't forget to check
out gorilla Weare and give him a big
team 3D thanks for hooking your boy up
all right I'm out of
here
