hey guys going on Megan here what is
your hand grip strength the best
predictor of testosterone levels
Androgen status by the way if you don't
know the correlation and the reason why
hand grip strength is the best predictor
of your T levels and your engine status
watch the video that I did on this
because I don't want to repeat myself
too much but long story short let's look
at the results and then let's read the
the comments
um all right so
uh 12 are under 100 pounds so smiggly
category that is terrible that means
your Androgen status is extremely low
keep in mind Androgen status is not the
same thing as testosterone levels
testosterone levels is just one piece of
the puzzle it's a small percentage of
your overall Androgen status okay so
Androgen status includes testosterone
levels testosterone levels in the blood
testosterone levels within the muscle
which is different intestine levels in
the blood it includes your Androgen
receptors it includes it includes your
energy and receptor sensitivity not just
the number but how sensitive they are
based on your genetic polymorphisms it
includes ssbg free T DHT that Hydro
testosterone
um the hydro epidesterone or DHEA and
obviously it includes your cortisol your
prolactin your estradiol both to the
receptor beta and Alpha so internet
status is the whole picture right and
obviously you're not going to measure
that in a lab it's going to cost over
two thousand dollars and that's minimum
the best way to measure that is simply
your grip strip because it's literally
tied together if your grave strength
goes up sorry if you're just if your
energy status goes up within seconds so
will your grip strength and vice versa
if your energy and Status goes down
whether through an increase in androgens
or through a uh decrease in antigens but
um sorry through a decrease in cortisol
or whatever right anything that
positively affects your T to C ratio
testosterone cortisol ratio you're going
to see that reflected in your hangover
strength within seconds
um same thing with steroids if somebody
injects you with steroids within seconds
especially if it's a DHT compound dhtm
dual compound you're going to see a
crazy increase
uh in your hangister but anyway so if
you're under 100 pounds or hand grips
that means something is wrong
either you slap like [ __ ] either you
over train either your diet is trash
which is usually the number one cause
um but you got to get checked out you
got to figure out what's going on you
know fix your sleep get more sunlight
you know go back to the basics eat
healthy blah blah blah all this [ __ ] I
preach about under 100 pounds for a guy
for a [ __ ] that is horrible uh so let's
see 100 to 131 pounds 19 of guys are
here
um that is still I mean again around one
if your angry Chef is 120 pounds that's
a little below average or around average
depending on the country right
um depending on the study which
population to look at but as a man you
should be above 120 every day every day
you should be around 130 minimum or more
and that will correspond to you know
healthy testosterone but again read the
article or watch the video that I did
about this a lot of a lot of research on
this
um but uh
for the most part if you're around here
I'm not you know under 100 pounds you
have testosterone levels are probably
under 300 90 grand per deciliter you
know here you're probably around you
know 300 to 600 here you're around 600
to 900 in here you're definitely over
900. and this is assuming all us is
equal assuming you have normal ssbg
normal everything else right
um but anyway so let's see 19 are here
so that's pretty bad so that means let's
add this together that means 31 wait
these owns okay yeah 30 added to the map
real quick so that means 31 of you guys
uh um that's the third it's the third of
you [ __ ] a sub-optimal
um when I'm under 130 that's a bad day
for me that that's the day when I have
average the Low T you know maybe I slept
bad eight bad very stressed out moment I
did below 130 something's wrong
um and let's see here 131 and 175 37 of
you guys claim to be here so either you
guys are capping or you guys are lying
or you guys are very very androgenic you
know you have high DHT you know by the
way if you have normal testosterone or
even low testosterone but somehow you
have high DHT your grip strength will be
through the [ __ ] roof because you
guys know DHT is notorious for
increasing false production and strength
but that's for a different video
um
yeah so 37 of you guys claim to be here
and 31 of you guys claim to be over 175
this is where you want to be over 175.
keep in mind
your hand grip strap
is associated with your testosterone
levels and your Androgen status
regardless of whether you train grip
strength or not I get this question a
million times you guys think researchers
are stupid everything has been accounted
for so whether you train your grade
strength or not it's still related to
your Androgen status which is why a 12
year old boy who did not go through
puberty can train a good strength for
five years
but let's assume that he doesn't go to
puberty he's not going to have the same
question for somebody who's never
trained a good stream right so so you
can't cheat the system you can't like oh
let me try and Grave strength and then
it's just gonna make it seem like I have
a hyena because even if you train good
strength if your Chile was a trash or
your Androgen receptors are trash you're
not gonna make a lot of progress
um all right so let's look at the
comments now see what you guys are
saying the way he had the other code is
here the previous video on this is here
and I put the kilogram conversion for my
UK Australian European muffles right
um and uh let's see and guys you'd be
surprised man the research for hangry
strength energy and status and
testosterone goes back that kit that
case that gets that case they've
analyzed that in so many different
populations it is so consistent and it's
not just testosterone that matters it
also It's associated with better sperm
count
um better fertility markers better
motility
um Health outcomes so many things you
know something as simple as your [ __ ]
grip shrimp
um which makes sense you know
evolutionary speaking but again let's
stay focused I heard from Jamie Lewis
that grip strength is one of the things
most I have no idea who Jimmy Lewis is
but that is correct it is very linked to
uh longevity
um and you'd be amazed it is more
accurate than so many measurements that
are out there so many expensive ass
tests that are out there the reason you
don't hear about it a lot because once
again there's no profit there's no money
to be made by telling people to just
check the equation right because you
could do that anywhere for free if you
use the bathroom scale you could buy a
dynamometer for less than 30 bucks
um you could borrow somebody's
dynamometer I mean it's
there's no profits so
people don't like talking about it all
right smigiel had quiet
shamigo had quite impressed with ghost
River actually he could snatch yeah he
was a beast man the way he was grabbing
those Fish Out of Water and he could
throttle any man flash to death for this
thing because he could become quite a
popular MMA fighter actually just needs
to lose the
to be honest smigiel was actually strong
as [ __ ] man for you Lord of the Ring
fans out there you guys know a lot of
wings my [ __ ] it's my number one movie
of all time right up there with 300 and
all that [ __ ] but smigiel is a funny
[ __ ] but he was actually low-key
strong man
um anyway let's stay focused see the 83
kicked in I squeezed the 48 kg God damn
it 48 kg let me do the math
um I know I know um Americans had to
[ __ ] it all up for us
with pounds and all that [ __ ]
all right so one of five pounds so I
squeezed 105 in PE
uh at school running or five hours of
sleep a few months ago at 16. now 17 and
sleep is consistently around eight hours
it will be better having tested it since
then yeah you know like I said everyone
should have a way to check decoration
for every morning throughout the day
you'll see like throughout the day it
changes depending on whether you do dumb
[ __ ] or not
um sleep like [ __ ] it's gonna go down
you know sleep great it's going to be
higher
uh let's see and I can explain the
mechanism behind you know how antigens
affect your your central nervous system
and you know contraction and calcium I
mean blah blah blah but I'm gonna have
you guys are gonna watch that video if I
make it I love those nerdy videos just
most of you guys hate the technical [ __ ]
so
I'm left just talking to myself all
right
I got 128 pounds on my first try I'm
definitely gonna be working on
increasing my tea and she's working here
to it all right and keep in mind like I
said it's not juicy it's testosterone
right you want to increase your
testosterone you also want to increase
your free T your DHT it's the most
important one but you also want to lower
your cortisol because if you increase
your testosterone but your cortisol is
also high it's going to negate right
your your t2c ratio your testosterone
cortisol ratio is what matters right
your androgens and your anti-antrogens
so yes increase your testosterone but
also make sure that you're keeping your
cortisol and prolactin and serotonin you
know all the anti all the anti-androgens
at a normal or low range all right is
there any way to measure good spring
without one of those great measuring
things
um I mean you could use a bathroom scale
just squeeze it as hard as you can and
then divide it by two
um
oh gosh just just get a dynamometer it's
less than 30 bucks I hope the price
doesn't go up because I've been
mentioning a lot
um again I'm not going to put I'm not
sponsored I'm not affiliated that's why
I'm not even giving you guys an Amazon
link for the one that I use no I want no
conflicts of interest in my videos you
guys know that I've been consistent with
that for the last 10 plus years and I'm
not going to trip anytime soon that's
why I have no sponsors I turn them now
all the time because normally you have a
conflict of interest game over that's
why even my book is literally free [ __ ]
it's all my free information condensed
into a book I refuse to be associated
with um anything that could threaten or
uh you know anything that will sacrifice
my Integrity but anyway yeah just get
one of those dynamometer things
um let's see and it's Gonna Last you a
lifetime anyway it's 30 bucks or 20
right It's Gonna Last you a lifetime
right
uh let's see I was able to close the 200
pound gripper I have for contacts if I'm
dead lifting
all right comfortably close I hate 160
yesterday evening 16 is actually pretty
good it's pretty good that means your T
levels all our sequel assuming that all
else is equal
if you hit 160 you see that was a
definitely above uh above 600 I'm very
close to 900.
um let's see a couple hours after hard
full body workout wow that means they're
probably even higher before the full
body workout
uh depending again it also depends on
you know if you're over train or not but
this morning about 136 yep huge drop
um tried again now 150 both hands
um I would have expected it to be
highest in the morning when you were
arrested once again it depends right
because T level is the highest in the
morning but so is cortisol see uh
coldest was also high in the morning
that's why you gotta look at the T to C
ratio you can't just look at it stops
one by itself
that's not how it works
um you always have to look at the whole
picture you know
next I was working Microsoft daily for
about a month and I entered my hand was
doing this being able to just calling
these on average I haven't said that so
many times in a Discord in in the Reddit
so if I'm on low T mode it's below 130
definitely below 130 if I if I'm on low
T-Mobile either from over training or
not sleeping enough or eating like [ __ ]
whatever it's always below 130. if I'm
sick it's like 105 right if I have a lot
of inflammation
um on a normal day I'm around you know
between 1 30 and 150 it depends you know
140 150 uh depending on you know what
I'm doing at the time what I'm going to
kind of stress I'm you know I'm under
how my cortisol levels are like when I'm
on High T mode it's always about 160.
the highest was around 180 to 190 but
that was years ago that's when I was
obsessed with bodybuilding I did
everything you could think about to
optimize my life I mean to optimize my
bodybuilding Journey so back then it was
like 180 to 190 almost every morning but
that's not sustainable these days I mean
I'm a dad now I have a lot of other
things to focus on stocks businesses
blah blah blah bodybuilding is literally
just like you know for fun now uh but
yeah so now nowadays like I said on a
normal day I'm above 140 to 150
um if I'm on a low T day it's around 1
30 or less I have to look at the numbers
because I used to track everything
religiously
but uh yeah so it always depends on what
the person is doing like like the guy
was saying earlier you know you could
hit 160 one day and the next day you'd
be like 120 if you do some dumb [ __ ]
um let's see but you guys should all aim
to be at least at least 150 to 160 right
and that's the minimum you can actually
aim for that 150 to 160 should be the
bare minimum
um and ideally you should be around like
I said 170 180.
um which would correspond to T levels
above a thousand like I said when Mata
levels were constantly above a thousand
there was not a day when migration was
lower than 180 I mean I would just wake
up and boom boom 183 185 183 182 187 you
know 189 back to 183. oh my two levels
went there when I had my lowest sea
levels ever when it was 150 I made a
video about that
that period of my life when I was the
most stressed I was eating like straight
sleeping like [ __ ] and it went down to
150 nanogram per deciliter guys my
growth strength was so [ __ ] it was like
105 110.
um but anyway so let's see Vegeta what
does the dynamometer say about his power
level
um
for those of you guys who watch Dragon
movies you guys know this reference uh
minus about 80 and 120. yeah that is not
good that is not good uh you do not want
to go below 120 let alone like I said
when I was 105 on grip strength that was
like that's I was either sick I remember
when I had covet my good strength was
super low
um you do not want to have a reading
this law you know uh bottom spot on my
diet sleep Stress Management when I get
my dynamometer I thought I would get 30
I was pretty disappointed I'm trying to
figure out what's going on um
that's that's not normal readings
um I remember even if you have normal
size forearms you don't train your
forearms whatever you should score 130
to 150 on a normal average day
thanks for finding your channel I'm able
to grab over 60 kg at 15. 60 kg what's
that times 2.2 so that's a little over
120.
um that's good you know as long as you
score more than 120
um you know you're not in a danger zone
a man should never ever be under 120 if
he's healthy you know
I'm 53 my best school swim so far has
been 144 is that decent that is epic for
a 53 year old that is really good for a
53 year old uh I mean fairly good shape
just got to get this extra 20 pounds off
and I look a lot better as well
but yeah that's epic at 53 144 I could
show you 20 year olds who are not even
hitting 120 because it's like you know
the diet is trash their sleep is up you
know all over the place
let's see you got 123 pounds actually
let me see how much time is left into
this video oh God I ramble too much got
123 pounds on my right and 113 on my
left
I need to start switching
start switching in those late night
sessions for wait is is that is he
implying what I think is implying anyway
I have my mind as in the garden man if
that's not what he meant
I was playing this for better games
Julian I lost the most [ __ ] way this
thing says raise to grab my anger chest
story squeezed it
gets up and just squeezes out of my
middle uh anyway I can close I can close
Captain Crush
um a good YouTube channel I learned a
lot from you good luck in life
appreciate you
um best of luck
a question there's all this information
mean if you increase your grace Champion
she will never go up no it's the other
way around if you increase your T level
it's a good strength will naturally go
up even if you don't Train English
um you can't increase your good friend
to increase your T levels uh unless you
wow
when I said increase a good stream
either the motion and it looked like I
was jerking off but anyway
um
yeah you you can't increase your grip
strength to increase your T levels right
unless in the process of increasing your
grocery have you also sleeping well and
eating well then of course that's gonna
increase the T levels but it's the
sleeping world and eating well and
managing stress well that's boosting
your teeth it's not the
training the grid directly you know it's
kind of like on wrestlers own wrestlers
have crazy high grade shifts and
everyone thinks oh look it's because
they're training grief no it's because
an arm wrestler to perform at an elite
level has to manage sleep well training
while eating well
um so of course they have uh a high
growth strain they also have high tea
levels and high Androgen status you know
a lot of them are also on roads so you
got to factor that in
you know take a home wrestler who
trained his grip strength his uh his
whole life or since he was a teen and
crush his teeth levels for just one hour
and then have him test the grip strength
you'll see the biggest drop ever you
know but anyway
IBG tracking dudes in the gym with my
dynamometer these days
imagine walking around the dynamometer
like yeah
250 pounds grouper so far is the best
well how should you measure if you
already trained it's a good way to
measure yes yes
um
I can close uh whatever yeah guys you
just use the dynamometer right because
the captain of course thing I I don't
know you can never tell if it's well
designed if you use it for too long so
it's not I mean I don't know like I said
if
if it's brand new obviously then you
know it's fresh is working just well but
it could give you uh
just get a dynamometer to me so much oh
I don't get a dynamometer use the
bathroom scale
um just squeeze that [ __ ]
all right I'm not sure to be honest I've
worked different types of hamsters too
long I don't know but today I work I
feel like a crush on Apple
um and also all the things that that
Spike to you like you know like clapping
treats and all that stuff whatever you
could actually test your grape strength
prior like before and after and you'll
see dependent depending on the timing
like if you do it after you put locked
and already went up and your serotonin
is high then obviously your customers
might be lowered but uh right before uh
your grip strength
will be so high right before you have
changed you could test this if
especially if you're super driven if you
you know
super horny Super Dollar and oh man
which is usually a sign of a high engine
status your growth strength will go up
at least 20 pounds
it's amazing how it works all right
let's see
will increase so much increase migration
yes
a lot of studies on this even by
injection which obviously I don't
recommend but even if somebody injects
you know testosterone suspension or God
forbid Halo testing into you oh man
you know your [ __ ] is gonna blow up all
right
um
I have a Chester
yeah it's beautiful I gotta hurry up
best way
um what are the six to two twenty pound
regular drink or with a day of little
tease to get a high score than the 5A
180 who has a good T day no no no you
could even take a guy who's six five 250
pounds if you inject them with ghost
cerelin or you find a way to block every
Androgen in his body so you black not
just testosterone but also DHT
um so you give him finasteride or or you
know like say go surrounding and you
find a way to also block DHEA because
people forget that you could have loads
of shots with them but if your body has
enough DHEA
you're gonna have low testosterone in
the bloodstream but your body can take
that DHEA and convert it to testosterone
and DHT within the muscle so that's why
T levels are so deceiving you can't just
look at two levels but yeah if you crush
all of his antigens right a six five
three hundred pound guy you cross all
his androgens in one day
so no tea no intramuscular tea no DHT uh
no uh androsterone
his grip strength will be trash
even though he's muscle dentists change
he's muscle mass didn't change his
height didn't change his years of
training didn't change
um that's how accurate it is
um like I said when I explain to you
guys the mechanism behind uh
contractions and how androgens
um
affect calcium entry to the cells and
forced production and G protein
receptors everything's going to make
sense
that's why men are so many women even if
you equate their muscle mass a lot of
people don't know this people think men
are stronger than women because men are
bigger no even if you equate the muscle
mass and the bonus cdb2 men and women a
man who has gone through puberty will be
significantly stronger than a woman that
has the same muscle size as him same
bone mass same height same everything
because the androgens androgens are that
powerful when it comes to uh increasing
Force production
all right
um I had to measure migration and
interviewed if it was amazed 81 kg yeah
that's pretty [ __ ] good uh 81 kg
that's already over 160. so
I have a dynamometer I hate 170 nice
nice
uh does it also depend on body weight uh
yes and no right only at the extremes
like for example like a 500 pound person
obviously is going to have a higher
gushing than a 80 pound person right so
only at the extremes but in a normal
range you know you could have a guy who
weighs way more than you and scores
lower than your dynamometer like now for
example I'm bigger than most guys but on
my low T days right when my T level was
the lowest [ __ ] and my Angry shrimp is
around 120 and 130. there are guys who
are 15 have zero muscle mass just at the
peak of puberty and it was called 150
right next to me and I have way more
muscle than them so like I said it by
the way means nothing it all depends on
your Android status same same thing when
my two levels are high and I'm hitting
180 pounds or 160 175 on the dynamometer
I'm not as big as some guys that I could
show you who are way bigger than me and
are hitting only like 120 because
they're over trained so
it's uh sold about hydrogen status all
right next next
um just starting all right
I can't keep reading this forever let's
see improving encryption I already
answered that
um
god
um yeah so many comments and this video
is way past 20 minutes so there's no I'm
reading all this
all right guys that's it join the
Discord we have a lot more of these
conversations go for God there's a lot
of comments Jesus Christ stop the cat
mostly y'all not in that one
I know a lot of guys are definitely
lying
um
uh hangu Sanford's [ __ ] all that
matters is how much curry your body so
would you tolerate this guy is always
posting controller comments you know not
in a bad way though
um all right I've got it guys I would
love to read all this but this video is
going to be like an hour long but uh
all right see you guys in the Discord
comment go vote on the other polls I
might see your answer if he gets enough
likes and thumbs up
your comment that is all right peace out
all right guys don't forget to like or
share the video subscribe and hit the
bell and buy my HSB nucleus with a
little training program see ultimate
program for maximum muscle growth it
includes full body workout splits bro
splits push-pull home workouts you name
it also comes with a complete guide for
macros nutrition fat loss monster growth
hormones including a meal plan it's
pretty much all my 16 years of
experience condense into one [ __ ]
book you're also gonna get free copies
of any future Edition so visit
team3dalpha.com and you can use the 40
off coupon code nucleus overload or you
could just buy the share full price all
right guys I'm out of here
