on Megan here hold on let me set the
[ __ ]
sign um all right so quick video uh I
made videos about calories not a calorie
plenty of times before and I figured by
now everyone would be on the same page
because it's just a fact you know
there's I mean I I me about this even
before the the science was beating the
topic down but you know and then you
know some people didn't agree you know
kept it moving I was like everybody you
know everybody has entit to their own
opinion but you just can't argue facts
and lately once again I'm going through
the messages that's where the videos
come from and I'm getting a lot of
confusion from U some of the subscribers
you know as opposed to hey I'm trying to
lose weight I'm trying to gain weight uh
you know and then all I hear is oh I'm
I'm I'm eating more calories I'm cutting
my calories and it's not working blah
blah blah blah blah blah blah and I'm
asking them all the time I'm like you
know how what are your micronutrients
like you know what is your what are your
hormones like you know you guys know
almost every video I talk about the
importance of hormones and I keep
telling them that's the most important
thing calories are important but that
comes after those top three things that
I have here hormones macronutrients
digestion things like that and a lot of
them are confused they're like well but
you know if you if you if I just cut my
calories I should lose weight or if I
just increase my calories I should gain
weight and I'm like where are you guys
getting this information from you know
like by now it should be a known fact
that body composition is not just about
calories you know a calorie is not just
a calorie I I mean it's a topic that's
been bitten down so many times but for
certain people it just it just won't it
just won't go through the head man
they're like oh no it's all about your
calories so I was like [ __ ] it I'm going
to take advantage of this uh these
segments that I'm doing to uh to talk
about the topic you know the scientific
study of the week or day whatever I
haven't made those in a minute so let's
use this study here I'm going to put the
link of the study in description there's
there's so many more studies on this but
I I specifically chose this one because
it applies to the audience you know
people that that train that work out but
there are so many more studies if you
want to make a separate video on each
and every one of them but those studies
are old they're not anything new and
they explain to you they show you hard
cold facts you know you don't even need
the studies because with common sense
you should know that the calorie is not
a calorie from just observation but for
those of you guys who want the cold
science uh truth well here it is you
know so they took a bunch of men uh [ __ ]
I forgot to turn on the the
timer this video is probably more than
five minutes already anyway they took a
bunch of men and women whatever and for
eight weeks you know they had a control
group which I have here on the left side
and they had the um high protein group
right so the control group is obviously
the control group they they're training
the same they're eating the same the
high protein group that Aid uh
100% more calories so they double that
their no not calories their protein
intake right they double their protein
intake and they um they increase their
calories by 800 which is really weird
because normally both groups have the
same caloric intake but in this case the
higher protein group just to show you
guys that a calorie is not a [ __ ]
calorie right that losing weight uh and
and gaining weight is not simply a buy
calories they ate 00 more calories
that's 800 calories above their
maintenance right for two months
that comes up to about 45,000 extra
calories you know and if you if you
subscribe to the theory of oh ex's
calories just become fat then they would
again about 13 pounds of fat based on
their calories because obviously 45,000
calories divided by 3500 gives you about
12.8 13 pounds of fat right so everyone
that's saying excess calories just
become fat well those 800 calories that
they ate extra above their maintenance
every day should have became fat mind
you the the training stayed the same
there was no uh you know oh they did
more cardio or more train no no training
stayed the same carbs stayed relatively
the same fats they relatively the same
the only thing that changed between the
control group and the high protein group
was the high protein group uh doubled
the protein intake and consumed 800 more
calories those 800 calories came from
their protein intake right and I told
you guys several times before you know
that's why a calorie is not a calorie
because if somebody who's eating a th000
extra calories if you watch my old video
before this study even came out when I
made that video I told you guys if
somebody's eating a a th000 more
calories but he's getting that from
protein right and someone is getting a
thousand extra calories from fat or or
carbs how the [ __ ] do you think that
they're going to look the same how the
[ __ ] do you think that they're both
going to just put on fat you know but
people will argue with me what are you
talking about mean a calorie is a
calorie if they both eat a thousand more
calories they should you know they
should both put on fat and I was like
what the [ __ ] [ __ ] like like a brains
in in in in I don't understand but
anyway the studies here right uh so
here's the results right uh the control
group uh they they were eating you guys
could read if you have time I don't want
to make the video too you know already
longer than to day so you could go back
and pause the video and look at the
protein intake you know the the two
numbers mean before and after right so
before the control group was eating
about 150 grams of protein you know by
the end of the study they were eating
about 140 which is relatively the same
those numbers are not statistically
significant so it's about the
the high protein group went from 160 to
310 310 g of protein per day which is
insane it is like four or five times the
recommendation of the you know the a
[ __ ] recommendation um the cars
stayed about the same as you can tell
the fat stayed about the same and the
things that I read are the are the you
know the biggest changes the calories as
you can see went up 40% 40% above
maintenance for the high protein group
look at the results guys look at the
lean mass the lean mass from the control
group went up about 2.5 lb right I
rounded the numbers up you could go to
the study and and get the exact decimals
and all that [ __ ] the lean mass went
up about 2.5 lbs right that's muscle and
you know water all L the [ __ ] uh for
the high protein group went up about
four pounds that lean mass went up about
four pounds now check this look at the
Shocker here look at the fat game the
control group which obviously didn't
make you know any changes stayed about
the same right between 24 to 25 pounds
of fat the high protein Group which
should have put on about 13 pounds of
fat from those excess calories check
this out they went from 27 lounds of fat
Mass right to
26.5 which is about the same right in
fact it went down you know slightly
lower that ate 800 more [ __ ] calories
and actually lost slightly you know and
mind you this is only a 8we study if it
was drawn out for you know a longer
period of time you will really see the
signific cancel these numbers but how do
you explain this you calorie in versus
calorie out [ __ ] I get mad
because these people pissed me off so
much I thought they were buried with
2012 when I when I thought that the
topic was you know you know in a grave
but somehow they still you know popping
up their heads you know that someone
them messaged me oh you know in those
old videos I Su get comments you don't
know what you're talking about you know
this is Bro Science you know there there
goes the results and that's not the only
study I'm not just you know picking a
random study that that that confirms my
thesis you go on the internet and type
protein overfeeding and you see so many
studies on healthy trained men and women
that show you that as long as you're
getting those excess calories from
protein right which is the import of
micronutrients you won't you're not
going to gain that much fat right and
and and it's to me you don't even need a
study to to to show this to you you know
protein increases your resting metabolic
rate it is hardly converted into fat
right the the pathway exists of course
but it's it's obviously longer and a bit
harder uses a lot more energy you know
and you know it it has so many other I
made a video called protein as a whole
your body used the protein for so many
different things you know as opposed to
just you know fat or you know a CS but
somehow people want the you know the the
science to back up exactly what they're
to believe but anyway guys that's it
trying to cut the video short uh look up
the study there's so many more studies
if you want you know just go to Google
you know you don't have to wait till I
make a [ __ ] video on the topic go to
scholar. gooogle look up um uh cited
studies that will explain the same thing
this is an old topic I actually feel bad
I got to make a video on this again but
hopefully that clears out the confusion
remember I put up here why a calorie is
not a calorie if two people twins right
have the same training same everything
right e the same amount of calories if
those three
things are out of whack or out of
balance you're going to get different
results so if those twins both go on a
thousand caloric Surplus right but one
twin has like let's say higher
testosterone levels higher T3 you know
thyroid hormone levels less cortisol you
know it's not insulin resistant you know
like it's a male of course obviously you
know he's not going to get the same
results even though they're both eating
the exact same amount of calories same
thing macronutrients if they're both
eating the same amount of calories but
one twin has a higher protein int take
than other one they're not going to you
know both put on fat the same way one
person is going to increase his lean
mass assuming that everything else is
constant as far as training and C all
that stuff and the third thing is
digestion and processing just because
you're eating 3,000 calories does not
mean that your body is using all those
3,000 calories efficiently you know it
depend once again depends on your
genetics depends on your metabolism all
these factors that I put above so stop
simplifying weight loss and weight gain
to just three ,000 calories 1,000 extra
500 extra no [ __ ] macronutrients
hormone levels and obviously you know
the way your body processes those things
those should come first I'm not saying
calories don't mean anything obviously
your body [ __ ] needs calories you
know and obviously cutting back in your
calories will help short term but you
got to be smart with those three factors
to obtain the results that you want all
right guys this video is longer than I
wanted it to be if you have any
questions comment below um don't forget
to vote for the next videos and what
else yeah like subscribe all that good
[ __ ] I'm out of here guys team 3D
Alpha segments so go in the comment
section and just vote vote on what you
think is your most requested uh topic
and then obviously the one that has the
most likes are the ones are going to
prioritize in case second
