hey guys going on meeting here hope you
hear me well we've had some issues with
the audio so uh make some changes if not
comment below anyway so today's episode
is on one of my favorite body builders
of all time
Dorian Yates Torian [ __ ] yes mine one
of the greats in my opinion not only was
the UH
just flat-out massive and you guys know
you know in bodybuilding by the body
type that I gravitate was dumb ass
freaks right I'm not too big on the
aesthetic guys you know I mean it's good
but I was always a big fan of mass
monster Dorian yeah uh Paul delayed
Ronnie Coleman Kevin aroni things like
that so yeah Dorian like definitely
initiated the mass phase you know if you
know your bodybuilding history and I was
always fascinated about him I was also
fascinated by the fact that he didn't
start out that massive you know it's in
Africa exactly here was he lost to a
Momo and then came back a year later and
don't want to recognize him you know I
really like the story behind it you know
he was really upset about the loss you
know he asked the judges hey what's
going on you know where did I go wrong
and I told him hey man you know you are
your back your back was off you know
Momo destroys you when he came to uh
back to each other
so yes was all right you know [ __ ] it
you know went back to London and then
just went back to England and just
violated I mean he did a lot of research
on how to bring up his uh his bag he hit
the books he's a very intelligent guy
you know he went into the science and
came back a year later and no one
recognized if no one so I'm really
inspired by the story you know I've
studied him you know for years and I've
learned a lot from him you know back in
the days when I was grabbing all the
research I definitely learned a lot from
his philosophies and things that he
learned and his methodical approach to
bodybuilding which is why this series is
going to be pretty interesting
especially this episode because again as
in all the guys that I cover steroids
play a part of core
you know the genetics play a part you
know we all know that right so I'm tired
of hearing aid these guys wanted use of
course we [ __ ] know you know we not
10 years old here but there are certain
things that they did should get an edge
in a competition
you know and especially with oranges you
know especially the fact that he was a
he was already an IVP probe before he he
uh he got his crazy development in his
back he was already an IP be here so he
already made it to the top really and
but yet he didn't have that that
powerful back until he applied those
five things I'm about to go over that's
what he so changes so starting with
number one right one reason why during
age we're gonna focus on his back man
because that's really the most
impressive body part you know the rest
of the body parts were not that
impressive you know except for his
calves and try so he had great calves
and triceps but yeah so forth back
number one negatives right he was very
big on negatives and of course science
backs it up if you have a person to like
eccentric turns out you know concentric
contractions another person to an
eccentric if everything else is equal
the person how many centuries gonna have
you know obviously higher protein
sentences highest damage and of course
higher hypertrophy in most studies you
know some say otherwise but the majority
studies show that eccentric instructions
are better which doesn't surprise me
because if you watch this channel you
know how fan a preacher weighted
stretching and things like that that's
also because of the eccentric aspect of
it so yeah he was really big negatives I
mean his back was phenomenal when he
started emphasizing those you know he he
kept complaining that most Bibles only
focus on the concentric and didn't
release you know do the isometric part
or the negative so yeah he was very very
big on concentric holding and then
having a slow negative so not only that
increase the time the muscles on the
tension but that fatigue the muscle more
obviously they recruited more muscle
fibers and of course it uh you know it
lets about growth because you were
cooling what most fiber you for cheeking
those a front roll fibers early so that
was one he was really big a negatives
number two it was very big on
going beyond failure in terms of force
repetitions
rest-pause things like that and again
the goal was just to annihilate the ball
so he was training you wanted to recruit
as many fibers as possible as many motor
units as possible and you know the more
obviously you could do this by just
doing higher volume or higher frequency
but you could also do it by extending
your sets you know making them you know
the moment the more fatigued your muscle
is the more fibers you're going to
recruit in a subsequent exercise you
know which is the reason why grab sets
and rest pause and force wrap side
factors because you're training the
muscle when it's ready fatigue so you're
forcing your brain to recall motor units
as opposed to doing a set of ten reps
taking a long-ass break and doing it
again yes you you still going to be
recruiting fibers but you you mainly
going to be around that front row so
yeah so he did a lot of force reps and
rest pause and things like that she
watches workouts you see it I'm also
make sure you have a spotter so you
don't injure yourself third thing he did
was a pre exhausting you know pre
exhausting his uh his large muscle
muscle groups and again he didn't do it
so every muscle group he did it to his
large muscle groups the reason is simple
he believed that if you're training your
back while the weak link is your biceps
you know if you don't pull down so you
wish failure your back didn't reach
failure your biceps reach failure must
pull down because obviously weaker than
your back so um you know and just have
your forearms and things like that so
what he would do is he would pre exhaust
his back with the motors pull of a
machine right pretty loosely back this
way he's back at some kind of
stimulation he could could have some
fibers then he would go over to the pull
downs and things like that so that the
bicep didn't just you know become the
weak link in his exercising I made a big
thing for ever my I implemented that
back in 2013 and I had some wonderful
results in my back development because
again remember every back exercise you
do when you reach failure it is not your
back that Rafael your first it is your
arms but you don't rose pull down pull
ups doesn't matter your biceps will
always give out before your back so it
you know it helps to do those
pre-exhaustion exercises for your back
so that your back is getting its own
stimulation all right first thing he did
was um and this one is very important
very important was obviously when he was
training his back he would do underhand
Close Grip
why because again it put its bicep in a
mechanical mechanically stronger
position and it also activated this last
more than his upper back most people do
pull downs with a wide grip which is
great
you're gonna recruit some lats but
you're also going to hit your upper back
a lot more whereas when you do a close
grip underhand position whether it's
pull downs arose you maximally stretch
your lats and you also maximal you know
contract them you know your range of
motion is a lot greater and it's again
it's a simple techniques but they make
all the difference in the world and the
last thing that he did was he trained
each plane each angle of the muscle
right so when he was training his back I
suppose I could some people don't use
did not train with low-value he trained
with a lot of [ __ ] valium you look at
his back exercises he's back routine he
trained the again appears the
pre-exhaustion exercise pullovers he
would do the pull downs he would do the
rolls he would do the underhand rolls
the yes role that he's famous for he
would do the hyperextension pretty much
he trained every single part of his back
as opposed to just pull downs and rows
which is what most people do right you
know so he did pretty much every single
plane when he trained his triceps he
would do the outer head he would do the
long head he trained his bicep he would
do both heads you know so he was very
specific when he came to that you know
hitting every part of the muscle so that
you you enhance the illusion effect you
know what I mean
so yeah those are the top five things
that I learned from Dorian Yates again
he did a lot of other things but you
know to make the video shorter I try to
narrow down to just the top five that
not only worked for him but I've also
seen work for other people when I was
training them and when I applied it to
myself you know you guys know I always
try to you know incorporate anecdotes in
my videos you know not just studies and
facts but actually the things that work
in application and those are the top
five things that that make a lot of
difference in if you look at HSP
training my training program I also
incorporate those in that the S Sport
has the negatives and the stretch you
know the world telling the exercise is
hitting different angles and things like
that
so if you don't interest be training
chances are you doing a little bit of
all of these things that I learned years
ago so alright guys I hope this video
helps again these are the five things
that dorian yates
consistently did you know to to deliver
those results in terms of I mean just
blowing the [ __ ] out of his back you
know and if you go back in the 90s oh I
believe it 89 1990 when you see the
transformer the transformation he did in
just a year you'd be amazed you know
again again I said in the beginning
steroids play a part the the insulin all
those things in a play the part unites
play a part but he also made huge
changes to his routine and that
contributed you know to a certain degree
so our young guys if you learn anything
new like the video comment below let me
know guys let me know what you guys
learned let me know you guys think about
don't use methods and how they apply to
your training if you familiar with some
of them if you're gonna implement some
moving forward comment below
ask your questions for the next videos
let me know who you want me to cover
next
throwing years was a the top vote last
time when we did Ronnie Coleman so won't
be alone let me know who you want me to
cover next
alright guys team to the alpha male
you
