hey what's up guys quick video what I'm
cooking today I just got back from my
first job today Saturday so you already
know I got to work to midnight on my
second job so I have an hour and 30
minutes of free time in between and in
my daily planner I decided to cook
during that time I already ate breakfast
so I didn't have time to make six meals
this morning morning so I just use that
time to make my next meals now you were
wondering how I keep my waist small
while I'm cutting even though I'm an end
them off for a look here man every day
even if I'm bucking I got to have you
know some type of vegetables some type
of today's asparagus and um yellow
squash tomorrow is probably different
and I have lettuce on the side as always
uh in case you didn't know I atat six
leaves of lettuce every time I drive my
car literally like it's a law that I
have to keep every time I'm in my car I
got to eat lettuce it's like my snack as
bad as it tastes I don't like the taste
of lettuce but think about it if you
make a law where every time you in your
car you have to eat something healthy it
becomes like a pav La
response and um pretty much every time
you get in your car you feel like eating
healthy if you do it for a long time it
becomes automatic becomes like a good
habit so when I'm in my car and I drive
by McDonald's I don't stop there and eat
because my body's accustomed to eating
healthy every time I drive but anyway
that's just like one of the things that
I do to um trick my body into eating
healthy so like right now I'm driving to
work that's why I have this one here I'm
going to eat that on my way to work
every time I sit down in my car I got to
eat something healthy so yeah this what
I'm eating today it's pretty much simple
I just I brine two chicken breasts
boneless chicken breast I can't eat a
lot of it cuz I'm on a low budget but um
it was on sale so I bought two bags I
brine them up for like an hour uh if you
don't know how to brine and I'll show
you guys or go on YouTube and you know
look it up then I chucked it up in
little pieces this way it will cook a
lot faster cuz I'm pressed for
and I just um I kind of stir fried it
you know like a just a little bit of oil
and
um after like you know when the chicken
starts turning golden a little bit then
you you throw in your chopped onions
garlic tomatoes green onions stuff like
that to kind of you know give it some
flavor and yeah I'm going to eat that
with brown rice I'm going to eat half of
it I'm going to divide it in half half
I'm going to eat with brown rice the
other half I'm going to eat with a whole
wheat to whole wheat tortilla I can't
but that's that I'm African I'm
sorry but yeah um yeah that's about it
and then that's going to be two meals
right there first meal is going to be
with brown rice second meal with a whole
whe tortilla and um my night meal before
I get up at midnight is going to be this
I'm going to eat all all of these at
work and of course I'm going to have
some cottage cheese later on cuz I need
some type of protein with this meal all
right guys that's it
um comment subscribe leave your feedback
um inbox me your questions in my inbox
remember and take care so guys this the
final result brown rice yellow squash
asparagus and um chicken breast going to
cover it up take it to work this took me
exactly uh 20 no 18 minutes to make 18
minutes guys
