all right here are 10 things every man
must do daily in order to level up in
life part one and I'm going to rank
these based on their ability to increase
your Tri s score which is the most
important thing if you a man for those
who don't know your Tri s score is
simply a way to measure your ability to
provide security status and sexiness
that's what decides your value in the
eyes of both men and women all right
let's get started resistance training
training your body training your muscles
becoming in great physical shape well
let's see number one that increases your
ability to provide security mainly
physical security number two that's
obviously going to improve your social
status right looking good being in good
shape having a decent physique is
definitely highly valued in today
society and number three that's
obviously going to increase your
sexiness so I'm going to put that in s
tier right that checks all three boxes
you must train daily next doing cardio
training your cardiovascular health
endurance training making sure you're
not sedentary making sure you're getting
at least 8 to 10,000 steps a day the
more the better that's going to increase
your ability to provide security
obviously you can't protect anybody if
you out of breath all the goddamn time
or if your endurance sucks or even worse
if you're sick since obviously your
cardiovascular health is Paramount for
being a healthy male in general number
two that's also going to increase your
social status because again being in
shape being in Peak physical condition
is obviously highly valued and three
it's also going to increase your
sexiness because trust me you lose a lot
of points in the eyes of women if you
badly out of shape so I'm also going to
put that in s tier next training your
problem solving skills your critical
thinking skills that's going to increase
your ability to provide security mainly
Financial Security number two that's
definitely going to increase your social
status because everyone wants a problem
solver around them and number three
that's not really going to increase your
sexiness because the sexiness part of
the trip s score mainly relates to
physical sexiness and appearance as well
as Hest sign in of good jeans so I'm
going to put that in a tier I highly
recommend that men play some form of
strategic game every day for me for the
last 10 plus years it's been chess right
I make sure to play at least five
minutes of Chess a day and I advise all
my friends and even my daughter to do
the same so doesn't have to be chess you
could play any strategic game you want
but anything that increases your problem
solving and critical thinking skills
should be done daily next reading daily
learning absorbing information
increasing your intellect press well
let's see number one that's going to
increase your ability to provide
security mainly Financial Security
number two that's definitely going to
improve your social status but number
three that's not going to increase your
physical sexiness to a great extent
right because you could be the smartest
guy in the world and look like smeo but
the more knowledge you accumulate the
more information you take in the better
you'll be able to eventually change even
your physical appearance so I'm going to
put that in a plus here next learning
self-defense practicing self-defense
daily I don't care if that's learning
how to fight I don't care if that's
learning how to shoot a gun I don't care
what it is but being able to defend
yourself that's something that I believe
should be practiced daily now where does
the rank let's see number one it does
increase your ability to provide
security mainly physical security number
two it definitely increases your social
status and number three it does increase
your physical sexiness right women love
a guy who they can feel safe around plus
it's very hard to increase your
self-defense skills while still being
out of shape right so your physical sex
is also going to go up because morphing
and not working on your self-defense
skills correlates with working on your
physical health and your physical
appearance as well unless you're a
goddamn Sumo wrestle or something so I'm
going to put that in s tier next eating
nutrient-dense Foods a nutrient-rich
diet so that includes vitamins minerals
antioxidants balanced diet full of red
meat eggs fruits fiber vegetables pre
and probiotics eating a healthy diet
impacts every aspect of your life your
mental health your physical Health your
intellectual Health everything revolves
around your diet so I'm going to put
that in s tier and as far as the trip s
score yes that's going to obviously
increase your ability to provide
security status and sexiness next making
money training your financial skills
working on your eeky guy making sure
that you financially free or at least
financially stable well number one
that's definitely going to increase your
ability to provide security both
financial and physical security number
two that's greatly going to increase
your social status and number three it
also has a role on your sexiness because
obviously you cannot be in Peak Physical
shape if you broke eating healthy is
expensive training going to a gym is
expensive depending on where you live of
course being healthy making sure you
have access to great health care is also
expensive once again depending on where
you live so that's going to go in s tier
guys don't let no one tell you that it's
okay to be broke as a man it's not
there's no way you can argue that
there's a reason why thewi human
evolution and throughout human history
masculinity was mainly defined as a
man's ability to protect and provide
both of which you cannot do without
resources and money is simply the
ability to procure resources for your
loved ones and for your tribe next
working on your social skills so that's
being able to talk to people being able
to make new friends being able to climb
social hierarchies being able to
negotiate being able to sell pretty much
everything that has to do with human and
social interactions that is something
you must practice Daily Now how does
that affect your Triple S score number
one that's going to help your ability to
provide security mainly Financial
Security and in some rare cases physical
security if you know how to talk
yourself out of horrible situations
number two that's greatly greatly going
to increase your Social Status the only
downside is that number three that's not
going to do much for your physical
appearance and your physical sexiness
although women find men with great
social skills very very attractive so
I'm going to put that in A+ tier next
working on your recovery working on your
testosterone levels working on your
sleep pretty much doing everything that
maximizes testosterone you guys know
it's not a team 3D Alpha video unless I
mention testosterone so that's pretty
much doing all of the Ten Commandments
of testosterone boosting right managing
lifestyle sleep sunlight diet
competition exposure to females you guys
know the full list I'm going to put that
in s tier most guys forget that
testosterone is something you must
manage every day it's not a number that
just stays at a constant level day in
and day out you could be a th000 NR per
Deiter today and 500 tomorrow and 200 by
the end of the week everyone has this
misconception that your testosterone
levels just stay the same throughout the
week no they constantly fluctuate based
on what you do what you eat and what you
expose yourself to so boosting
testosterone and keeping it high is
something you must do every single day
if you are natural and that goes in N
here because that's it's going to
increase all three aspects of your trip
s score it's going to increase your
ability to provide security it's going
to increase your Social Status and it's
going to increase your sexiness you
cannot neglect testosterone last but not
least working on your leadership skills
so that's helping people serving your
community serving your tribe helping
those in need being somebody that people
can rely on putting others before your
personal needs having a sense of purpose
a sense of direction working on your
eeky guide making sure that not a day
goes by without are you making
somebody's life better I'm going to put
that in A+ tier because that's mainly
going to increase your abili provide
security obviously a good leader provide
security that's going to greatly greatly
increase your Social Status but the only
reason why it's not higher is because
that's not going to do much for your
physical appearance and sexiness but
anyway guys that's it for part one hope
this video helped make sure you like And
subscribe and grab a copy of the ebook
on the website if you want to support
their Channel I'm out
