hey guys what's going on Megan here t3d
Alpha on Deck all right guys just got
back from Kroger and um I'm going to
show you guys what I got just a quick
stop came out to
about 28 $30 worth of groceries
uh but I'm not complaining this time you
guys want to know why I'm not
complaining even though a small bag like
this should cost about 20 bucks instead
of 30 I filled up my tank I just got
back from North Fork Virginia right I
had to go there for an interview it was
like a 5 hour drive came back my tank
was empty I filled up my tank for $10
guys $10 gas price was $190 something
$1.93 per gallon and I had my Kroger
Fuel Points cut it down by 90 cents per
gallon so it was a dollar per gallon
took about 10 gallons to fill my tanks
so $10 so I'm not complaining guys you
lose somewhere and you gain somewhere
else so anyway quick uh quick stop at
the grocery store on the way back I was
chilling with Hans he's going to do his
laundry so we going to chill for the
rest of the night uh
1486 when I go shopping I don't look at
the price guys I look at the the price
per pound so this is $5.99 per pound
which is a lot for me but with the
Kroger card it was uh it's 3.99 per
pound and if you study economics it's
really 3.99 per pound but they write
this up to makees you feel like you're
saving money but anyway so I always look
at the at the the yellow price same
thing with Walmart always look at the
price for pound you know um instead of
the actual price so this is actually
$3.99 per pound which is not too bad I
mean this beef is the most expensive
protein out there it's also one of the
best protein SAU for body trying to
maintain muscle so not the ultimate best
but it's up there uh I I got some Park
chops you guys know why Pok CHS for
really two reasons the price 349 per
pound this was $5.90 1 2 3 four I think
four or five in there and the fact that
it's tender I don't have to Bright it
it's not too hard and I make different
recipes with that you guys watch my
videos man I just I chop Them Up Stir
Fry uh uh put them on the jaw foaming
Grill find different ways to make the
same food taste good cuz really if you
just started your body building Journey
you're going to be eating the same [ __ ]
for a long [ __ ] time I guarantee you
chicken eggs beef uh if if you're Muslim
you can't eat pork so chicken turkey
beef fish repeat protein shake repeat
you know what I'm saying after a while
it gets old so you got to find a way to
buy the same thing but cook it
differently either you chop it up you
grill it you bake it you know what I'm
saying I got some horis and sauce you
guys know I got to have horis and sauce
on almost everything I eat I'm big on
Asian food Sushi's my number one food of
all time for like four years in a row
not four years in a row since I was 17
I'm 25 now going on 20 26 in about two
weeks so about eight years 8 to n years
Sushi has been my number one food
forever and I'm [ __ ] African that's
to show you how much I love Asian food
guys so I guess I got some hoisen garlic
sauce it's really tight cuis it's not
it's not Chinese or Japanese really
tight food but uh it's all the
same uh Mexican style veggies you guys
know I stir a lot now the cut is going
exceptionally well the factory was going
so well that I had to actually slow it
down cuz I was losing too much size
maintaining and in fact gaining strength
on my bench press and on my SC so that's
a very good thing uh so I got to go back
on my veggies yes yes yes I said it a
million times I'm still doing callback
loading I went back to callback loading
yes I had I got fat I told you guys what
happened I Tred to [ __ ] around during
the semester I I was too stressed too
busy with school and whatever so I went
away from car for a bit I was like you
know what let me just eat cars in the
morning and you know I was I was eating
like a sub s a day and [ __ ] like that
and I got fat as [ __ ] simply because
that's why you know my genetics up uh uh
gravitate to us my body likes being a
fat ass I don't know why so long story
short I made a video to explain go watch
it but um so that's what people wonder
why you got fat if call backing supposed
to get you lean and bed cuz I [ __ ]
straight from it common [ __ ] sense
right you got so up what was happening
when me and were strict on call back you
saw the games I made videos I made
transformation videos give you guys a
progress update the results were
undeniable even the twins made a video
about us back in the day so it was
working just well that's why I'm going
back to it and I'm it's working again
I'm eating my veggies in the morning you
know what I'm saying my fats po workout
I'm backloading on lasagna right fat
free lasagna obviously uh Burgers you
got saw the videos right and I lost 12
lbs so don't tell me this [ __ ] doesn't
work if it's worked before it stopped
working when I stopped using it right
that that makes sense and then I'm back
on it it's working again so it [ __ ]
works so you stay there while I get soil
and all right Mexican style
veggies Italian style
veggies uh once again trying to keep
it rotated this I found today I'm going
to try it out never tried it stir fried
veggies with rice cuz I normally eat my
my veg with rice anyway this comes with
rice I'm going to cook it up and see how
it tastes and I'll let you guys know and
these are all $129 so very good deal
very good bargain $129 for this it's
very convenient you can buy the veggies
yourself but because how much time you
have um more stir Fred veggies this one
is broccoli sugar snappies I'm try to
rotate it right and
the secret to all my recipes I told you
guys is onion powder garlic powder
paprika right along with all the other
[ __ ] I use up here so that's it guys
this to about 30 bucks right I normally
shop every 7 days but I ate a lot of
beef recently so I was kind of running
low on this so I had to refill I'm going
to cook my chicken for the rest of the
night and um I'll be up all night
answering emails replying to subscribers
on the Facebook fan page on Instagram
and um planning new videos guys I got a
lot of new segments like I said coming
up school is starting next week so I got
to make a lot of videos now cuz I told
you guys just like last semester when
school starts I'm [ __ ] busy guys two
jobs the YouTube channel the kid the
degrees I'm working on I really don't
have time so when the semester starts
you won't see a lot of videos from me so
I'm going to try to make a lot of as
many as possible right now right keep
you guys satisfied my team 3D soldiers
out there me from day one always
supporting me liking my videos in fact
uh uh shout out to DL Derek Lou Who just
bought a te3 shirt a lot of people are
buying the shirts guys send me pictures
D send me a picture uh with this
permission I'm going to put it on the
screen but uh a lot of people are buying
these shirts and I'm like oh [ __ ] I
forgot to even look at my account
recently people are buying shirts like
crazy so keep supporting the channel
team 3D Alpha dominance discipline
direction right you got to have all
three got to be dominant all that you do
right if you second place be the best
second place until you become first
place got to have discipline have a
daily routine develop daily habits that
bring you from point A to point Z right
if you want to be uh level 100 and you
level 30 now that's 70 levels to go
divide right the journey into Tiny Steps
build the discipline build the habits
until you make it it's so simple right
just like Pokemon we kids right go in
that grass before you go to the gym
leader right daily train your [ __ ] and
finally Direction like I always say guys
you can't you can have all the dominance
in the world right you can play in
genetic strengths you can play on your
you know on your on your gifts all that
[ __ ] so you got all the dominance in the
world right you got all the discipline
in the [ __ ] world which makes you
sharp right you get things done quicker
better faster more efficiently but if
you don't have Direction you a [ __ ]
Mustang with no engine with no steering
wheel you're just sitting down looking
pretty you got to have you got to aim
all that energy all that rage all that
wrath towards one [ __ ] goal that's
what completes the the the the whole 3D
concept dominance discipline and finally
most importantly Direction you got to go
somewhere right so keep supporting the
movement keep buying the shorts keep
liking the videos everywhere you can and
we might it to the top together right
there's no point of us if one of us
makes it it's not enough right we all
got to make it to the top
right Jim 3D guys got to finish my Water
by the way I'm out
y Come On Son anyway so so y let's let's
make a video and show how we came out
with these insiders and we spent like
the last 10 minutes laugh the first one
is you have to you have to
