what's going on Tim 3D uh showing you
what I'm currently doing this video is
not planned so don't expect any good
stuff to come out of this I'm just
playing every video I'm me is a good
video anyway I'm showing you guys what
I'm eating right now it's actually let's
see uh 11:00 at night I took a nap in
the evening so I woke up and realized
hey I didn't my I didn't me my macro
goal for the day so I had to get up you
know wash a few dishes well my dishes
and um cook something real quick these
are my bananas they're going bad I got
to hurry up and eat them all up but yeah
so I made some rice to you know me my
macro goal and you guys know carback
loading I eat a lot of carbs at night
over here I'm steaming some veggies I
did not forget guys I'm still I'm still
obsessed with fiber cuz uh you know the
whole ass bleeding thing man I'm tired
of [ __ ] bricks so every time I cut I
cook always got fiber on the side this
is just cabbage and carrots um I'm just
steaming them for now when the water
goes low which is about now I'm going to
add some tomato baste give it some
flavor some salt spices I Tak a few
minutes um later on I might cook some
liver over here I got my salmon on the
forment grill yeah that's not dark I
like my salmon I like like the top dark
the middle like the inside a little a
little medium or light so I'm going to
eat that and um take a break take some
vitamins my vitamins over there
uh I already took my mask in in for the
day you guys are wondering how do I keep
track of my mail plan well I don't like
using my fitness uh pal cuz I don't have
my eye touch anymore uh last year I
broke it when I was working at Kroger so
now I do everything on my computer I use
Excel I made a software myself took me
like hours man I just created my own
software where I track my own uh my own
stats it's better because I get to
customize Maes and I don't have to you
know if I buy foods that are not online
cuz my fitness P doesn't have everything
cuz I'm I a lot of African foods I could
go online and look up the nutrition
stuff and put it in my own software but
anyway you know just just personal
preference if you use my fitness spell
it's it's a it's convenient but anyway
this is how I keep my macros I don't
know if you guys could
see up here I have my of course I
printed out I printed this out from EXL
this is my you know my height
weight protein carbs fat calories my
macros 268 gram of protein which is a
lot I know I know but it's working 540 G
of
carbs 80 80 to 87 G of fat and about
4,000 calories if you run that up and um
now most of the protein obviously is
going to come from like protein shakes
but it's also a lot of I'll try to eat
one serving a fish a beef or chicken a
day so like this is about serving a fish
some beef liver probably some chicken
later on and um yeah this is my
supplements you know zinc magnesium be
vitamin D calcium I'm off creatine so
I'm not going to be on Creatine for at
least 6 more months maybe 3 months I
don't know I'll wait till I reach 190
before I go back on Creatine right now
I'm 180 so um vitamin C I'm try to make
sure the weight that I gain is mostly my
weight not just you know water weight
which I have a lot of at the
moment one
second got to make sure this [ __ ] is
stick all right uh I have my vitamin
vitamin K I don't have yet I can't find
it at kogo Walmart it's very important
but I don't have it yet I might have to
go to a supplement store to get that and
the other and over here I have like the
directions on how much I need and the
comments for example you don't want to
take um you want you don't want to take
zinc with calcium and stuff like that uh
and also write down the other sources of
vitamin the other natural sources where
I can get those vitamins from for
example over here I have K Vitamin K
since I don't have it I can get it from
one k a cup I mean one one cup one cup
of kale one cup of kale gives you your
daily dose recommended dosage of vitamin
Kake I bought kale but I still haven't
cooked that [ __ ] cuz I don't know any
recipes yet so I'm just kind of going
back and for example vitamin E I could
either take it as a supplement or I
could just eat my one cup of spinach so
like I said you're not supposed to take
your vitamins every day if you eating if
you're getting enough of your nutrition
but if you're not if you know that you
didn't eat your kale or your spinach or
your carrots whatever supplement make
sure every day is the perfect day that's
how I live my life a perfect one I um I
try to make one day perfect just one day
and then I try to repeat it the next day
I don't believe in yesterday or tomorrow
just one day so today is like the you
know the last day of my life for me so
that's why I take everything so
seriously and you do that for 365 days a
year You' be amazed at the progress you
make but anyway so these the vitamins
and supplements at the bottom here I
have
uh uh that's my meal plan so I'm
supposed to be eating every day for the
next s days like I said every every
7even days I switch I switch things up
my Mas
Skinner uh protein shake uh whole milk
four cups of milk a day and Shore white
rice four bananas one egg beef for
chicken carrot spinach peas olive oil
pineapple tomato fish oatmeal liver
parade and I just put this you know I
start off with one serving of each and I
put it in the system it tells me how
many protein carbs and fat it is and I
just adjust the serving sizes to make
him match my goal you know of 270 540 80
and 4,000 and that's about it so that's
how you keep track of your you know
that's how I keep track of my macros to
make sure at the end of the day I took
in everything I needed and people say
well that's a lot that's a little too
much no that's actually fun cuz it keeps
me focused it stops me from sitting on
on front of the TV all day it stops me
from wasting my life away wasting days
like I used to playing [ __ ] um Halo
and Modern Warfare and [ __ ] you know
gives me S of Direction uh I'm building
discipline and I've been doing this
since what since uh pretty much since
January man that's when I started taking
things seriously and I made a lot of
gain so I'm going to keep on doing it
and you know keep taking control of my
life like I said you only you're the one
that's responsible for you know where
your life is at and no one
else so you're the rider and your life
is the horse guess who has the Rings
team through thepha thanks for the
support like or
share
