hey guys what's going on Megan here here
are the fastest ways to increase
testosterone naturally as fast as
possible since not all methods increase
testosterone at the same speed some take
seconds some take days some take hours
so let's go sprinting that's going to
take seconds 2 minutes if you go on the
allout Sprint high-intensity interval
training you're going to get a crazy
increase in testosterone anywhere from
10 to 30% depending on the person the
intensity and other factors and that's
going to take place within seconds to
minutes based on the literature now
obviously the downside is that it's not
going to stay elevated for a long time
but it will be up long enough for you to
get the mental benefits of high
testosterone which is more strength more
energy higher sex drive more confidence
lower anxiety on and so forth next
listening to music believe it or not
even though the research is mixed some
studies show an increase in testosterone
some show a decrease in testosterone
obviously depends on the type of music
you listen to and how your brain
perceives that music but when it does
increase tone it's actually within
minutes especially if you listen to
aggressive music or music that gets you
fired up if you listen to depressing
music or sad music or in some cases
classical jazz music that actually
lowers testosterone which makes sense
because your body is trying to calm you
down when you listen to relaxing
classical jazz type music next
supplements in testosterone boosters
obviously that is a myth most
testosterone boosters and most
supplements that claim to boost
testosterone do not work the ones that
do work are simply vitamins and minerals
that you should be getting from Foods
anyway but the vast majority of
testosterone boosters and supplements
that claim to increase testosterone do
not work it's a money grab that's how
these companies flee you of your
hard-earned money if you're eating a
healthy diet and you're doing all the
other Basics the sleeping the Stress
Management all that stuff most t-
boosters do not work now the few that do
work I made videos about them in the
past so make sure you check them out but
they're mainly herbal extracts right and
even then they're way too overblown
right right they only work when you're
already deficient in other things or
when you're high in inflammation and
things like that but if you healthy if
you're eating well most testosterone
boosters do not work next sleeping
obviously that takes several hours we
all know how important sleeping is for
testosterone but the downside is it
takes several hours you're not going to
get an instant increase in testosterone
after a 30 minute nap right at least we
don't have a lot of randomized control
tries on this but sleeping obviously
takes 8 to 10 hours to maximize
testosterone right as long as you're in
deep R sleep that's going to be in this
ceg go here next drinking coffee or
taking caffeine believe it or not that
actually increases testosterone and also
has antio mates quote unquote anti-
anrad properties estrad being the main
estrogen that is and that tends to
happen within minutes depending on the
caffeine dose of course but be careful
because that also tends to increase
cortisol so you want to make sure that
your testosterol and the cortisol ratio
is high and not low next eating a
healthy micronutrient Rich diet this one
takes anywhere from several hours to
days to weeks depending on how bad your
micronutrient deficiencies are so I'm
going to put that in days to weeks right
if you start eating healthy you're not
going to notice a instant increase in
testosterone in some cases you might
actually see a small decrease in
testosterone in a few hours after you
eat but I explain that in different
videos that's due to the increase in
inflammation that happens because your
gut health is so messed up right almost
anything you eat will decrease
testosterone in the short term right
within the next few hours especially if
you're gut is inflamed so once again
even though eating a high micronutrient
R diet is the most important thing you
can do for testosterone you're not going
to see the effects right away right it's
going to take a while next lifting very
heavy Weist and I'm talking one or three
rep max right not high volume just power
lifting type of training that is
actually a myth lifting heavy does not
increase testosterone it is only high
volume compound movements So High Reps
short rest periods that's what increases
testosterone shortterm that is I'm not
talking about longterm now longterm
you're going to have a slight increase
in your Baseline testosterone levels if
you live for a long time but that's
mainly because of the benefits of
lifting right so lower inflammation
better blood flow things like that but
as far as getting an instant increase in
testosterone that's not going to happen
if you're lifting super heavy with low
volume I have to make that distinction
next lifting heavy but with high
repetition So High Reps 10 to 12 reps
short rest periods compound movements
that use as many muscle groups as
possible that in increases testosterone
a lot and it's usually within minutes
right so many studies on this the
biggest increase was I think 130%
increase they did a bunch of leg curls
super seted with uh leg extensions the
more muscle mass you use the shorter the
rest period the higher the lactate the
higher the catacol amines the bigger the
increase in testat so keep in mind it's
not long term it's not going to last for
a long time it goes right back to
Baseline within an hour now in some
studies it was elevated for up to 2 days
but in most studies the spike in
testoserone you get from high volume
High repetition short rest perior
lifting the spike goes back down within
an hour or so but again the benefits are
still there you still get the mental
benefits and you still get the
activation of the endogen receptor so
it's not completely useless next
watching aggressive videos aggressive
Clips watching videos of people fighting
watching watching athletes doing
aggressive stuff anything that's
aggressive anything that activates your
amydala and perceives a threat that's
going to increase testosterone within
second to minutes and as obviously
Common Sense the brain has evolved to
increase testosterone in males whenever
we perceive a threatening situation so
even though you're watching a clip your
brain sees it as a threat stimulus and
sure enough your mea project straight
into your hypothalamus and also
increases sympathetic nervous system
activation which is going to increase
catacol amines which are byproducts of
obviously dopamine and that's going to
lead to an increase in intracellular CM
leading to increased testosterone
production both from your adrenals and
also your testes right and that happen
so fast that it does not require luing
hormone right this is mainly independent
of LH and G&R mainly because that
pathway takes way too long next winning
winning any competition whether it's
physical competition mental competition
does not matter the literature is clear
on this winning a competition leads to a
huge increase in testosterone which is
seen within minutes so that's going to
go here and obviously the reason is
simple is because your body's pring you
for reproduction the body thinks that
you just want to fight in the wild so
now it's time to defend your status
accumulate resources capture the enemies
you know what blah blah blah blah I
obviously can't say it on YouTube I'm
going to get canceled but hey you know
human history was very brutal after a
man won a competition he did not go to
your hut to play dominoes with the
females that were there right he would
conquer your tribe and do the most
despicable things ever so it's the same
in the animal world again humans are
animals so it's not surprising and it's
the same in the real world whenever
somebody wins the body increases to
start on like crazy so that you can move
up the social ladder and start doing
what testosterone does which is
accumulate power accumulate status clap
cheeks blah blah blah blah blah that's
nature pretty much saying go ahead you
are qualified to pass on your jeans next
cold shower or cold exposure the
researchers makx some studies show a
decrease in testosterone some studies
show an increase in testosterone but
that's because that's influenced by so
many different factors but in the ones
that do show an increase in testosterone
is usually visible within minutes right
so whether you're icing your balls or
whether you doing cold immersion or
doing a cold shower as long as the
temperature is low enough you will get
an increase in testosterone mainly
through the catac colomine pathway right
so no epinephrin or adrenaline same
molecule depending on where you live at
next getting sunlight both to your skin
and obviously to your eyes because those
are the two different pathways through
which sunlight increases testosterone
it's not just through vitamin D it's
also through p53 which means both your
skin and obviously your eyes need to be
in contact with UVB raay in order for
you to get the testosterone boosting
effect so like I always say get sunlight
in the morning morning through your eyes
and later in the day you want a lot of
sunlight on your skin I've been talking
about this way before it was popular so
I'm glad to see that is finally catching
up but this goes in couple hours right
it's going to take couple hours to
several hours before you get the
increase in testosterone uh from
sunlight but it is crucial in some
animal species it actually takes several
hours so you'll be between here and here
next beating your meat where do you guys
thing this goes if you watch my videos
you already know because there's no bro
signs here it's nothing but facts this
actually increases testosterone contrary
to what all the clown influencers always
tell you and it does so within seconds
to minutes yes the complete opposite of
what everyone has been telling you for
years lying to you is what actually
happens beating your meat masturbation
actually leads to an increase in
testosterone and this has been observed
so many times in so many different
settings which again makes sense
testosterone evolve for reproduction and
the brain has no idea whether you
beating your meat or whether you
clapping somebody obviously there's some
differences in pactin spikes so whenever
you engage in sexual activities doesn't
matter what the activity is the body
increases your testosterone which brings
us to the next one what happens if you
actually bust a nut right what happens
if you ejaculate well testosterone goes
down but not significantly below
Baseline in fact the reason why pacan
goes up after masturbation is to bring
testone back to equilibrium back to
homeostasis so when you be your meat or
when you're about to have sex
testosterone goes up and when you
ejaculate p comes out in order to bring
your testosterone levels back down
within range Adas who don't know how the
freaking human body works look at it and
say oh look pactin lowers testosterone
don't be your meat don't bust a nut they
have no idea that the decrease in
testosterone is not a drop below
Baseline it's a return to Baseline
that's how your body keeps your
homeostasis it's the same thing that
happens when you eat carbs right you get
an increase in blood sugar insulin comes
out insulin brings the blood sugar back
down the body's always looking for
balance so in short semen retention once
again is a myth and it has been debunked
a gazillion times not just on my channel
but in so many experiments in fact the
reverse is actually true men who go a
long time without ejaculating actually
get a decrease in testosterone same
thing with men who go a long time
without sexual activity they get a drop
in testosterone when they return to
sexual activity the testosterone levels
goes back up so anybody who tells you
that cement retention increases
testosterone is a lying freaking clown
and I cannot stand these people because
they mislead entire generations of men
now as always do not use this as a
license to become addicted to porn right
watch my videos on porn I've said this a
million times Pawn is not the problem it
is the symptom of a bigger problem fix
the problem and the symptom which is
Pawn addiction will go away right but
stop being obsessed with this cement
retention no fat BS fix the underlying
issues first next blocking estrogens
right blocking estral estrone all the
principal estrogens that's going to
increase testosterone but it's going to
take a few hours right because one of
the main mechanisms by which estrogens
lower testosterone is by negative
feedback loot meaning that lower
lutenizing hormone there's other
Pathways but that's the main one so when
you black estrogens you remove the
brakes of lutenizing hormone which leads
to increase testosterone but that takes
a couple hours because there's about a
40 minute to an hour lag time between
Luiz and hormone release from the brain
and testosterone production from the
testes next talking to an attractive
female that increases testost Throne
within seconds to minutes up to 40% in
one study and this is another thing
that's being shown over and over and
over again in the literature it is very
consistent whenever you put men in the
room and an attract the female
especially if the men are obviously
motivated by sex and not gay they get a
huge increase in testosterone the
testosterone increase is even bigger if
the men have previous experience with uh
females which is why I always tell guys
do not stay home all day always put
yourself in situations where you
surrounded by women where you're
interacting with them you don't have to
flirt you don't have to do anything
crazy just being around attractive
females increases testosterone within
seconds to minutes which once again
makes sense if you look at the evolution
of the human race that's your brain
telling you hey there's a female there's
an attractive potential partner in the
room let me increase your testosterone
so that your anxiety goes down your DHT
goes up your dopamine goes up your
motivation goes up and you're more
likely to do things to impress her right
and sure enough that's exactly what we
see whenever you put an attractive
female in the room surrounded by guys
The Men start doing a whole bunch of
stuff to try to impress the female if
it's a skateboarding ring they start
doing riskier flips if it's a normal
room they start bragging about their
achievements you guys know what I'm
talking about guys when we were
teenagers we saw that all the time right
you hanging out with your friends hot
woman walks in every guy is acting like
a freaking idiot trying to one up each
other that's testosterone working and
when the woman goes away Tason levels go
right back down which once again shows
you that Tason evolved for sexual
activity for sexual Conquest next
looking at an attractive female also
increases testosterone right so that's
just looking not talking not interacting
just looking at an attractive female it
can give you up to a 10% increase in
testosterone very similar to the reason
that I explained earlier and in some
studies just having women around led to
a 20 to 40% difference in testosterone
levels in one very interesting study
that I quoted several times they
compared men who were in all boy schools
compared to men who were in schools that
had obious women around and the men who
were in The all boy school had
significantly lower testone levels than
the men who were in schools where they
were allowed to look at women not
surprisingly so once again as a man you
should always surround yourself with
other competing men and also attractive
women that's how we evolved as a species
next no fap I already mentioned this
that's AIT I have so many videos on that
debunking every aspect of it so I'm not
going to beat a dead horse over it noof
faab does not increase the stat on it
actually decreases testosterone if you
look at the entire body of literature
not just one or two cherry-picked
studies and I better not hear anything
about that 45% noap study that I
debunked so many times next clapping
cheeks right obviously I can't put the
corresponding image here but you guys
know what I'm talking about that
increases testosterone both within
seconds to minutes and also in the hours
afterwards lot of literature on this
right so so much for the semen retention
idiots out there every experiment with
testosterone levels are measured before
and after sex showed a huge not small
huge increase in testosterone and I've
referenced those studies so many times
you have the 70% increase study you have
the one where the guy got 109% increase
meaning his tassone doubled and not only
we see this in humans but we see this in
animals as well again Common Sense next
looking at porn that goes in the exact
same category as looking at attractive
females it leads to an increase in
testone that is seen within seconds to
minutes again a lot of studies on this
in fact I made a video years ago about
the study where man looked at erotic
Clips right before the gym and not only
they got a huge increase in testosterone
but their performance went up the squat
3 red Max actually went up in perfect
correlation with how big the
testosterone increase was and to be fair
they didn't ejaculate in that study
because that will again release bactin
which will bring the testosterone Spike
right back down which defeats the
purpose but you get the point once again
men have evolved to bring out the best
whenever they see females or whenever
they see people having sex I know it
sounds crazy I know it goes against
everything that You' heard but don't
shoot the messenger that is human
biology and human evolution 101 we've
evolved to get a huge increase in
testosterone whenever we see attractive
women or whatever we see somebody else
clapping the Daylights out of an
attractive female's cheeks why because
it motivates the organism it motivates
the male to want to improve so that he
can conquer that male and take the woman
from him I can make a whole video
explaining the psychology behind porn it
is one of the most misunderstood things
in the entire world in men's
evolutionary past guys porn was all
around us all around us it wasn't on
your phone it wasn't on your computer it
was literally in front of us low ranking
males had to wake up every day doing
mating season and see the alpha male
clapping the crap out of 90% of the
females cheeks and the low ranking males
had to sit there and do two things
either cry like little and beat their
meats which what a lot of you are doing
or they got the motivation then the
increas in testosterone to level up so
that one day those very same females
could be theirs that's why I fast
forward to today and men are addicted to
pornography because our brain has
evolved to prioritize sex above all else
that's why if you're driving and you
look out the window obviously it's
illegal today but if you driving or you
just walking down a park and you look to
the side and you see a guy clapping his
girls cheeks on the street 99% of you
guys will look right you might look away
after that but you will look it's going
to be your first instinct to be like
holy what the hell is this it's
evolutionary biology and evolutionary
psychology 101 the only problem is that
today men do not know how to channel
that drive they do not know how to
channel that liido and they just stay
home and look at pixels all day and then
masturbate all day like a bunch of
idiots right so that's why I always say
it's a symptom it's not a problem learn
how to channel that sex drive so that
you could be free from por addiction
next the last two things competing for
status again if you watch my videos you
already know where this is going that
increases that starts on within seconds
to minutes it doesn't matter what the
competition is it doesn't matter if you
win or lose as you're competing your T
levels will go up astronomically in some
studies and obviously whether you win or
lose that's going to lead to different
responses depending on the people right
some people actually get an increase in
testosterone even after the lose and
some get a huge drop in testosterone I
can make videos explain exactly why that
is but the actual Act of competing while
you competing for status your T levels
go up astronomically higher than any
other meod that we've seen doesn't
matter if it's a physical competition or
a mental competition as long as your
brain specifically your hypothalamus and
your amigdala processes a threat to your
status it could be a video game it could
be a card game it could be a a MMA fight
you get a huge increase in testosterone
to make you protect your status and last
and least because I'm heavily against
trt and Peds on this channel we have
injecting you know what I had to include
it on the list because a small
percentage of my viewers are obviously
enhanced that's going to increase the
sty on obviously anywhere from minutes
to hours depending on the Ester if it's
a long acting asther obviously it's
going to take hours before you notice a
significant increase in your serum
testosterone levels if it's a short
acting eser or if it's just pure
testosterone so let's say suspension for
instance you're going to get a very very
fast increase in your serum testosterone
levels so I'm going to put that between
couple of hours and seconds to minutes
again it depends on what es you're using
that's it guys hope the video helped
don't forget to subscribe like and grab
a copy of the ebug to support the
channel I'm out of here
