what's going on guys Dominus discipline
Direction team 3D what is Team 3D all
about you know why am I so obsessed with
it why am I so obsessed with this team
3D dominance discipline Direction day
you know for for the veteran subscribers
you saw the first video what is it's
called what is team 3D you know I
explain the basics of how I got the
channel started why I got the channel
started but um I never really explained
in full detail you know the weight
behind it you know like why why am I you
know why is it all I live for you know
dominant discipline Direction you know
um and it's pretty simple hold on a
second it's pretty simple I grew up you
know most of you guys know my story I
didn't grew up with my uh my dad you
know my parents were separated so you
know uh my big brothers was on my
father's side so I really didn't have
any father figure I was the only boy a
big sister and a little sister so I was
the only boy in the house right going up
with a single mom you know obviously a
woman you know a single mom can't feel
the dad shoes I don't care how hard she
tries cuz she's not a dude you know
there's some things you just can't ask
your mama right from when when you go
through puberty even before that there's
so many things you can't ask your mama
right let alone you know uh your your
two [ __ ] sisters so I grew up without
guidance you know I didn't have you know
I didn't have any vision for my life I
don't know what the [ __ ] I want to do I
was brilliant you know don't get me
wrong you I'm not going to try to You
Know cover that up I had great grades uh
when I came to the US you know they skap
me a grade I was 12 years old in in know
in high school I was a senior at 15 uh
you know by by the time I was 16 I I had
already finished my first year of
college with a 3.6 GPA so I was you know
as far as like in you know intelligence
I wasn't stupid right but I had no
[ __ ] Direction I had no guidance I
didn't know what the [ __ ] I wanted to do
I was I was kind of lost if you want to
call it that right uh and and that's why
I'm I'm I'm big on the direction part of
Team 3D cuz I told you there's dominance
been direction direction is you know
where you going what is the purpose and
I compared it to having a a beautiful
car Mustang nice you know like [ __ ]
600 horsepower right has everything that
you need to to to impress the next car
right but it has no steering wheel right
it has no it can't go anywhere it's just
stuck there looking cute it's useless
and that's what I was you know that
that's that's what I compared my life to
at the time I didn't know what the hell
I wanted to do with my life and I really
struggled with that I mean I didn't had
my first real conversation with my dad
until I was 23 that was two years ago
the second real conversation we had was
two weeks ago at 25 so I was kind of
behind but at that time back in the days
my my my 20s I decided I said you know
what I'm going to begin this journey to
find myself that's why I kept traveling
from state to state and um um eventually
I did I found out what I like to do I
find found out what I love to do I found
out what my specialty was and I you know
I devised a plan for my life but then I
paused I was like wait a minute what
about all the other guys that were in my
shoes you know I'm bitching about the
[ __ ] I had to go through I'm pretty sure
people had it worse and I'm I'm damn
sure you know people had it worse you
know what about the guys at least I
found my you know my way eventually um
but what about the people that that that
are still you know searching that are
still seeking uh that purpose and that
sense of vision or the sense of
belonging whatever cuz it's a miserable
life you guys know what I'm talking when
when you don't know your purpose uh it's
miserable you get up every day it's like
man same [ __ ] different day the things
that used to make you happy don't make
you happy anymore you just always
constantly bored even though you have
all the games you want you have all the
money you want you're still bored you're
like [ __ ] man you know so um I know some
miserable existence in know in fact in
order for me to find myself I had to let
go everything that I had you know I was
working jobs I had a lot of money but I
had to like move out of New York move
out of my comfort zone and just begin
from you know with a clean slate I did
that three times in my life where I just
moved to a different state where I only
knew one or two people and it started
from scratch in order to refine myself
and and you know it h but I I'm not
saying everyone should go through that
but uh my job is to provide you know the
tools that they need to get to the
destination without having to go through
the [ __ ] I had to go through right you
know I'm a big believer and learn from
other people's mistakes you don't have
to make those same mistakes over and
over again if everyone had to reinvent
the world every generation we won't have
airplanes today you know so that's how I
came up with team 3D dominance
discipline Direction it's very it's
really simple dominance I already
explained it dominate every area of your
life especially your strength right
whatever you you good at whatever you're
the greatest at right uh you don't have
to be the next Michael Jordan you don't
have to be the next [ __ ] Tiger Wood
you don't have to be the next Steve Jobs
be the next insert name right whatever
the [ __ ] your name is right your name is
Jonathan Megan be the greatest Jon migan
that ever Liv you know I always tell
people whatever your first name is you
own that first name make sure when
somebody mentioned that name they think
of only you you know it sounds
egocentric whatever but hey it's all
about greatness you know uh when I said
Napoleon who do you think about Napoleon
buap when I say uh [ __ ] Hitler you
know you guys only think of one person
you know even though he's a he's a he
was kind of [ __ ] up in the head so the
way I see it is dominate whatever your
area is right whatever you good at
whatever your talent is dominate that
[ __ ] I tell people all the [ __ ] time
don't worry about your weaknesses right
worry about your strength don't develop
your greatest weakness develop your
greatest strength
right because people won't remember you
for your greatest weakness or how you
overcame and they remember you for your
greatest strength right I put on Twitter
the other day nobody knows what Michael
Jordan's greatest weakness if I ask you
what is M J's greatest weakness you have
no idea you really don't give a [ __ ]
right but you know that he was the
greatest basketball player of you know
of his day you know and that's Up For
Debate but my book is so be remembered
for what you are the greatest at what
are you good at is it drawing then be
the best artist you know are you good at
[ __ ] building muscle then be the
greatest [ __ ] muscle builder ever
whatever it is
dominate that area of your life second
is discipline right create the right
habits I'm in love I'm obsessed with
military history I love Warriors and
soldiers and conquerors and things like
that because they they didn't they
didn't have everything handed to them
they had to work for that [ __ ] that
required discipline look at a Navy SEAL
look at uh the the those Russian guys
look at any Elite arm Force they are
disciplined right they created the right
habits they went from from nobodies to
to [ __ ] deadly assassins and whatever
their position is be discipline the
third one is obviously like I said the
most important Direction know where know
where your life is heading have a
purpose right I'm into the it's funny if
you have to ask me what kind of business
I'm into I'm into the vision
architecture business right I want to
sit down with young men and I had the
opportunity to work with a lot of young
people you know in my teenagers in my in
my teenag years so I want to be able to
sit down with young people or old people
you know don't care whether you give up
on your dream or you never had one and
sit down with them and look at their
strengths their weaknesses their their
you know their their opportunities and
make them maximize their potential make
them [ __ ] uh uh uh maximize their
capacity you know I'm not I'm not asking
people to do what what what they can't
do hell no I'm not going to tell you hey
go ahead and do this thing that's
completely elal no I tell people hey
what can you do what is within your
power to do what can you do now if your
power level is let's say [ __ ] 10 but
it can't be 30 why are you not at 30 you
get what I mean I'm not trying to get
people to go to level 50 if they can
only be at level 30
right but if your maximum is level 30
you have no excuse to be under level 30
you get what I mean that's my goal is to
maximize people's capacities their
potential you know the vision
architecture business right what is your
vision have a vision for your life have
a plan for your life Direction where are
you going you know I love doing that
when I sit down with someone who's like
man you know I don't know what to do
with my life I'm bored all the time I'm
depressed blah blah blah I love it like
this wave of energy goes into me and I
sit down I all right pide a piece of
paper and let's get it started 30
minutes later boom that leave with like
excitement energy they're ready to
dominate life and Conquer and hey my you
know my my day has just been done that's
what makes me happy so guys that's how I
came out with Team 3D you know Dom and
Direction that's that's the theme behind
it you know the the movement behind it
is maximize your potential you know
establish you know a a a vision for your
life leave something behind something
you know we all going to die anyway
that's why I tell people that like oh
I'm afraid to do this I want to do this
but I'm afraid I'm like dude like we are
going to die eventually right the way I
see it life is like life is like a bunch
of a bunch of passengers in the airplane
that we know is going to crash you know
the plane is going to crash right that's
what life is like you know you're going
to die eventually so the only thing you
can do is enjoy the [ __ ] out of your
ride man you know don't die no [ __ ]
unknown [ __ ] what the hell is
that anyway guys video is way longer
than I expected it but that's the
movement I you know I started that's the
move I'm going keep going and pushing
forward dominance discipline Direction
I'm
out la
and I believe that lazy people have the
most potential out of every
human lazy because first one is we have
to CH believe it or not
