hey guys going on Megan here all right
let's look at the next poll how many
eggs do you eat per day
so we're gonna look at the results and
I'm gonna read the comments I'm pretty
sure there's going to be some hilarious
comments I skimmed through it a few days
ago but anyway so 3 000 votes we have uh
36 percent eat less than 2x zero to two
um 35 eat about three to four guys these
numbers are horrible and then 17 percent
eat about five to six most people here's
what this post should look like actually
hold on one second yeah I had to put a
timer because I ramble too much
um here's what this post should look
like it should have been at least 50
percent in the five to six range
you know look at this guys 36 percent of
you [ __ ] only eat
two eggs or less a day
right and I want to explain later on in
the video after we look at the comments
why that's so bad for not just muscle
mass testosterone male health and things
like that right you are deficient in so
many nutrients if you eat less than two
eggs a day unless you overdose some
supplements which if you watch my videos
you know that is a horrible decision
um but anyway let's look at the the
comments the comments is always my
favorite part guys because a lot of you
[ __ ] are so [ __ ] hilarious but
let's go all right first one been eating
seven a day four years straight a four
to five a year straight before and foot
better than ever absolutely
you know uh the actual research behind
eggs how good the eggs are for you is is
amazing again if you guys actually look
at the totality of the evidence now I
just wanted to you know studies that you
guys cherry pick if you look at the
totality of the evidence look at all
this studies done on the eggs and
nutrient density of eggs come on Shadow
you had to wait till I started making a
video before you barked but
um anyway
if you guys look at the older studies
you would be amazed
at how powerful eggs are for overall
male Health right so nutrient dense you
know to the [ __ ] God it's so important
that if you don't eat eggs you have to
eat so much or other foods to make up
for the lack of nutrient density in the
other Foods all right and what's gonna
happen is you're either going to be in a
super caloric Surplus we're just going
to get fat you know all you're just
going to be nutrient deficient right
because the nutrients that eggs have
right
only about what three or four of the
foods even come close and those Foods
already on the list right red meat liver
all that stuff right you need eggs for
choline which is one of the most
underrated yet one of the most important
nutrients in the whole world right and
so enough if you look at studies 91 and
92 percent of people are deficient in
goalie
think about that 92 percent of people
are deficient in choline one of the most
important vitamins for you know his
antioxidant functions lowering
inflammation methylation DNA I mean
everything you could think about
right requires choline even preserving
your creatine
cognition all right but anyway this
video is not about choline it's about X
but let's keep reading
um
I always drink the yolks to get the food
benefit and I cook the rice I could have
sold about protein right
uh oh it's five bags a day it's in a
massive difference in body comp
somebody like this until I see why I
liked it
I'm seeing a massive difference in body
comp and overall well-being my diet
before was a correct do [ __ ]
that clown a non-trian dense diet
protein powder and local [ __ ] not
anymore uh steak and eggs and veggies
every morning foods and dairy and lots
of water and fish all right let's see
um
I used to eat a crap ton of eggs every
morning then I got cholesterol my
husband acting funny guy scholarship
doesn't mean oh my God you know the
amount of people who still believe that
eating a high saturated fat or high
cholesterol foods gives you heart issues
it blows my mind right that's how I know
that you guys just cherry pick study so
you don't keep up with the literature
that was one of the biggest myths that
has probably contributed to the Obesity
crisis more than anything else right the
belief that oh you shouldn't eat fats
you know what happened guys look look at
the graphs look what happened when men
stop eating fats stop eating eggs
because the medical industry told him
that fat was bad for you
obesity went through the roof
testosterone went down even further
right why because when you stop eating
eggs now you're the fishing in choline
you're deficient iodine you're deficient
in some B vitamins right
your deficient obviously healthy fats
which all of which are needed to
synthesize testosterone and you guys
already know once this last one goes
down it's game over
it's track made for everything related
to my health diabetes goes up insulin
resistance obviously right racial cancer
goes up the reason why some studies
linked
um anyway I'm not going to go into see
it's so easy for me to get sidetracked
but I'm gonna make a separate video
explaining you guys why it's a myth why
is it that eating eggs actually does not
hurt your lipid profile if you healthy
if you already have issues if you don't
exercise if you have a ton of
inflammation then almost anything you
eat
is going to give you a hard time right
so correlation has the main causation
right the reason why it's so easy to
find studies where people are eating a
lot of saturated fat and have heart
issues because they're not eating other
things they're not active they're not
eating antioxidants they're not eating
fruits and veggies right so you can't
just be like oh look this person did
this and they got that therefore this
caused that no you have to look at the
mechanisms of action
I digress got my own form five to seven
eggs
every breakfast you lucky [ __ ] lately
we've been paying so much for eggs
but yeah that's pretty base um
next don't feel right unless I get six
to seven eggs down in the morning yep
absolutely absolutely
um if you don't eat eggs you're gonna
have to supplement with like so much BS
to make up for like I said you have to
take Alpha GPC for if you have ADHD and
you don't need eggs you're even more
[ __ ] right because where you're gonna
get your clothing from it's only eggs
and liver excellent labor are the most
the most dense source of clothing so if
you don't eat eggs and at least one
ounce of liver a day you don't want to
eat too much right
you're going to be low in codeine
especially if you train on top of that
which further to please acetylcholine
remember guys choline isn't heated not
just for everything I mentioned earlier
but choline is needed to make
acetylcholine if you have enough
acetylcholine well now your body has to
break down
you know a lot of use structures to
actually make choline so it's ah man
next um
don't feel right
you'd be surprised how many people have
you know a deficient in Colleen you know
you know all the other nutrients and
then the doctors just prescribed to them
you know here you ever here check this
check this check this look remember guys
doctors I I don't care I'm gonna get
cancer for this but most doctors don't
give a [ __ ] about you guys I say this
all the time most doctors I've been
doing this for years most of them don't
care about you what they want to do is
treat the symptom
and not the root cause right you come to
them you say oh look I have a headache
oh I'm tired and the first reaction is
take this take this take this take that
right the healthcare industry runs on
treating symptoms why because if they
treat the root cause
they will be out of business if you are
healthy
think about it if they know snaps his
finger and makes every person on the
planet healthy today right let's say you
guys sleep more you eat healthy you
exercise you drink more water you do all
this stuff that I talk about
and let's assume that you just you just
stay healthy right what's going to
happen to the medical industry sales are
going to go down that stock price is
going to go down big Pharma is going to
tank right
most doctors are going to be out of jobs
so are you surprised that they Thrive
from treating symptoms instead of
treating the root cause of issues you
know how many clients I had and again
because of the law I I can't contradict
your doctor if your doctor says do this
do that I can't say anything that goes
against what your doctor says that's why
I have to put a disclaimer in front of
every video Even though deep down inside
you guys know how I feel about doctors
right but hey I gotta refer you guys to
your doctor I gotta say consult your
physician right if your doctor says suck
his balls I guess you got to do it
it drives me nuts you should see some of
the advice these doctors gave anyway I'm
going off topic you can tell how much
this topic pisses me off
so many clients I had and I'd be like
hey go do some blood work go to the
doctor ask for some blood work because
you have XYZ symptom and the doctor's
like why do you need blood work for here
just take this pill
come on bro anyway
I drink eight let's see
rocking 1100 nanograms desolator nice
nice
um I don't eat them every day because I
get my protein from other Foods also I
guess I don't eat that many because they
said a harmful cholesterol see look at
that look at that you know
a lot of you guys have been lied to man
I could show you studies where patients
were giving like 30 eggs a day and that
blood that lipid profile was just fine
you know I could also show you studies
that show you that cholesterol from eggs
you know does not affect your LDL I mean
oh God
the lies the lies the lies but again
your government wants you weak and sick
are you surprised
next uh five ceremonies got it for
micronutrients yep actually asking me
for gross as hell though now she's
eating my breakfast burritos dude eggs
in the breakfast but we don't taste
sockeyed with bacon and sausage that's
right that's the man right there get
your fats
um again not made a good device
uh 12 loves your eggs going for yeah
dude dude eggs shot up like [ __ ]
Bitcoin man
um
anyway who's about to go on the bench
you need 60 acts a day now you'll be
surprised if everybody started eating
five to six eggs a day on average right
you'd be surprised at how many
micronutrient deficiencies will be fixed
right just go to chronometers like I
said every man should have a
condominator account I've been saying
this year after year just type just put
in 6x
or 5X
right and then open another page and
just put I don't know five ounces of
chicken breast so put put the equivalent
obviously I just said five but but the
powerful pound equivalent of chicken or
something else and you see the
difference in nutrients that you get
from five eggs as opposed to a pound for
pound version of I don't know chicken or
some other BS
night and day
um anyway
three to four a day more than I don't
feel well unfortunately I've been
severely like in my consumption
and guys look at the diets of the
natural guys
back in old days back you know doing the
bronze era and all that stuff you'd be
surprised they were eating eggs milk red
meat you know masculine Foods foods that
our ancestors have been eating for
Generations you know and sure enough
they were strong as [ __ ]
levels right but no today you gotta
listen to your trt influences and your
roided Elite genetic [ __ ] son
you just eat chicken breast and rice
all right and then when you guys do that
and you don't get the results because
obviously you're not injecting the same
amount of rules that they are and you
don't have the genetics you think oh
well it's just it's just not work for me
I guess I guess this this this
bodybuilding lifestyle is not for me I
guess my genetics are trash no no
your dumb ass is following the advice of
anyway let me keep going
I digress actually one of the most
exercising oh my God
um next one um start at about 15.
what's the best way to cook them for bad
results what's the best way to cook them
just do don't over complicate things you
know just cook Yak Sunny Side Up
scrambled doesn't matter I see a dozen
daily when I was on keto not a lot of
communities great it is indeed it is
indeed hope I didn't miss any comments
by the way um You probably missed the
[ __ ] time but oh well
let's see my dad is uh okay it's a lot
to read uh depends on the day bro I mean
yeah I mean you have to be perfect every
day but as long as on average you're
getting you know nutrient dense foods
you know you're not gonna have to rely
on supplements
um and once again I explained a million
times you know you know supplements have
their place as long as you doing the
basics if you're doing the basics and
then based on your religious so ethical
limitations you missing one or two
micronutrients by all means find a good
supplement company and supplement with
that but what you don't want to do is
you don't want to use supplements as a
replacement for the basics I say that
all the time
um but uh for example like say vitamin D
you know if you're a [ __ ] in the north
if you're a black person who lives above
the equator I mean in the UK America
whatever whatever vitamin D you're
screwed without Vitamin D supplements
you were screwed because not only are
you gonna need
for you to get 10 000 IU of uh vitamin
D3 away from Africa where our ancestors
evolve you don't need to be in the Sun
for like six to eight hours butt naked
and you're still not gonna get enough
vitamin D because again the UVB rates
are weaker anyway watch my videos
something like you see what I mean
um so yes some people need supplements
some people need Vitamin D some people
might need potassium magnesium you know
based on their limitations you know but
it's a backup plan it shouldn't be oh
look I I need 30 nutrients to be healthy
let me buy 30 different supplements so
you guys are insane
next uh is a better eat than raw well
come on man I was eating seven eggs a
day I could ah God
ah
three days until they start to hurt my
stomach I have to take a break me again
I like many of your points but that's my
answer to it everything has to have a
limit no [ __ ] no [ __ ] oh God gee I'm not
I'm not gonna respond to this guys
because
I told you this always is it the same
guy from the previous video I told you
there's always that guy there's always
that guy right that that's gonna either
straw man what I say or come in and try
to be the smart ass right of course
there's a limit what are you gonna do
you're gonna eat a hundred actually
you're gonna drink 30 gallons of water a
day you're gonna you're gonna sleep 20
hours
there is an inverted u-curve to
everything all right stop preaching to
the choir
um but let's see six eggs a day are too
much for your stomach oh God anyway
don't need any strong as [ __ ] here's a
cookie for you
um I I think I'm about to wrap this up
zero eggs are disgusting unless it's all
you disgusting [ __ ] off I'm worried
about LDL oh my God man they got you
guys they got you guys
you guys drank the Kool-Aid the lies in
the BS depends on my pocket money um
it's sad because I used to be the one of
the cheapest sources of nutrient dense
protein and then lately because of all
the BS has happened the price shot up
um all right so I think that's so the
top comments in ukrainians and uh
isn't consuming to me but no it's not
bad for your cholesterol guys you guys
need to read meta-analysis
um all right
so long story short yeah guys you guys
gotta crank up your egg intake all right
you gotta crank up your egg intake again
not medical device but you gotta eat at
least five to six a day I mean again you
don't have to eat eggs as long as you
eat
other nutrient dense foods that make up
for the lack of AD consumption right so
if you don't eat eggs then you're gonna
have to eat for example more you know
more labor but the problem with liver is
you can you should only eat about one
ounce a day maybe two two minutes you
don't want to eat too much liver because
then you're gonna have too much vitamin
A
um
the bioavailable version or you can have
too much copper and things like that but
if you don't if you take out eggs from
your diet you're gonna have to eat so
many other protein sauces just to make
up for the nutrient deficiency you know
and that's going to put you over your
Macros it's going to push over your
protein count for the day or your or
whatever so yeah you don't have to eat
eggs but why would you not all right
guys so if you want me to make a video
where I explain exactly why you should
eat eggs every day or at least every
other day let me know I'm going to show
you guys exactly the benefits you're
getting
um no bro signs pure facts studies you
guys know it I'm objective as [ __ ] I
will show you guys all the facts all the
evidence but uh yeah definitely increase
your egg intake especially if you're
natural
all right guys I'm out of here vote on
the rest of the polls and I'm gonna do
the same thing read the comments and see
what you guys have to say peace out all
right guys don't forget to like or share
the video subscribe and hit the bell and
buy my HSB nucleus of a little training
program she ultimate program for maximum
muscle growth it includes full body
workout splits bro splits Push Pull home
workouts you name it also comes with a
complete guide for macros nutrition fat
loss monster growth hormones including a
meal plan it's pretty much all my 16
years of experience condensed into one
[ __ ] book you're also gonna get free
copies of any future Edition so visit
team3dalpha.com and you can use the 40
off coupon code nucleus overload or you
could just buy the share full price all
right guys I'm out of here
