hey guys what's going on Megan here 10
mental signs of high testosterone part
one four more episodes to come all right
let's get started competitive Behavior
so huge desire to compete somebody who
always wants to win who's always engaged
in competition that is one of the
biggest signs of high testosterone and
that's because one of the primary
effects of testosterone on the brain is
to increase the organism's desire to
compete especially to compete for status
men with high testosterone are very
competitive and it reverses also true
when you lower a man testosterone his
desire to compete for status goes down
next paranoia so being paranoid thinking
that people are out to get you not
trusting anybody unfortunately that is a
sign of high tea it just doesn't rank
higher because it's not a big S of he te
it's not a huge s of he te but it is
correlated and associated with
testosterone depending on the person's
personality and environment growing up
but yes testosterone does increase
symptoms of paranoia on average mainly
because testosterone makes men less
trusting of other people next jealous
and overprotective Behavior believe it
or not that is actually a big sign of
high tea testosterone naturally makes
males both humans and animals more
protective of the people around them of
the people that they love or care about
and it also unfortunately makes man more
jealous and that's mainly because Tason
evolved to create mate guarding behavior
in males so if you're a lion a
Silverback Gorilla a champ baboon any
high ranking male as your testosterone
levels go up you tend to become more
jealous and more protective of the
females in your hm as well as the
children as well now the reason why it's
not ranked higher is simply because many
many many other things such as
personality genetics and childhood
environment also play a role in jealous
Behavior next ADHD shockingly is a sign
of high testosterone and that's mainly
because testosterone does tend to
increase impulsive behavior in males it
also increases novelty seeking curiosity
exploratory behavior and all of these
can contribute to ADHD now the reason
it's not ranked higher is simply because
testosterone has a strange relationship
with ADHD and focus in some cases it
increases impulsive behavior and leads
to ADHD symptoms and in others it
actually increases focus and allows the
male to hyperfocus on certain things
right so it's very trick it's a very
complex relationship and obviously
genetic social play role next submissive
behavior that is actually the opp that
is the sign of low testosterone when
men's testosterone levels go up they
tend to be more rebellious they tend to
be more defiant and the reverse is also
true when manone levels go down they
tend to be less argumentative they tend
to be more agreeable more submissive and
less confrontational so submission is a
very big sign of low testosterone which
is one of the reasons why throughout
history religious leaders and political
figures have tried to best to keep the
males testosterone levels at a minimum
range because it is very hard to govern
a nation full of high testosterone males
they are very rebellious they don't take
[ __ ] from everybody and that obviously
makes them very very hard to govern next
ruthlessness that is actually a big sign
of high testosterone men with higher
levels of testosterone are on average
more ruthless than others and that's
mainly because testosterone lowers
empathy which makes sense because one of
the reasons why testosterone evolve is
to help men compete with other males so
that they can increase their status and
gain access to mates and it's very hard
to fight comp and in some cases even
kill another male if you have high
empathy now again that doesn't mean that
every single male will high tassone is
going to be a murderer or ruthless
killer no it simply means that
testosterone has an amplifying effect on
ruthless Behavior so if you're already
ruthless or you have Tendencies towards
being ruthless testosterone is going to
make that a lot worse next aggression
that is a huge sign of high testosterone
and that is mainly because testas one
increases your desire to seek status and
in most societies most cultures and also
so th male Evolution one of the number
one ways to attain status was simply by
being aggressive mainly through combat
fast forward to today and testosterone
still has that effect on men so again
testosterone increases aggressive
behavior but mainly when that aggressive
behavior is linked to the acquisition of
power and Status there's also a genetic
component and an environmental component
meaning if the person was already
naturally inclined to being aggressive
then when his testosterone levels go up
that's going to amplify that effect can
make him even more aggressive than
before next confidence and self-esteem
that is a massive massive sign of
testosterone and that's mainly because
testosterone has many many
anti-depressant effects testosterone
lowers fear lowers anxiety and increases
risk-taking mainly because the
testosterone's effects on
neurotransmitters and on the amydala so
that's why almost every study done on
humans on other animals on rats rodents
monkeys you name it even birds and fish
testas one is always almost always
linked with reduced anxiety and improved
confidence which makes sense because the
St one evolved to make man compete for
status compete for resources and it's
very hard to compete or explore if you
have high levels of anxiety next being
power-driven that is a big sign of high
testosterone man with high testosterone
signaling so that includes high tea
levels or high Androgen receptor
sensitivity tend to be very very
power-driven and again that's also
linked to testosterone's effects on
status seeking behaviors and last but
not least Republican SL conservative
Behavior conservative views that is
actually a sign of high testosterone now
again that doesn't mean that every
Republican has high testosterone and
every Democrat has low testerone right
this is mainly average differences in
fact we have some studies and data
showing that as you increase man's
testosterone levels they tend to shift
towards more Republican conservative
views without even knowing it but that
is only if they had weakly held
Democratic beliefs right so somebody
who's a strong Democrat is not going to
switch to conservative simply because
you increases the stone levels it's only
if a person has weakly held Democratic
beliefs all right guys that's it stay
tuned for part two 3 4 and five because
the list is way too long to fit into one
concise video all right I'm out of here
don't forget to like subscribe and if
you want to support the channel visit
the website and grab a copy of the ebook
