you could train all you want you could
put as much mechanical tension as you
want you can progressively overload all
you want you can do all the weekly
volume in the world all the nuclear
solar in the world if you do not have
there is zero muscle
growth hey guys what's going on megan
here all right huge huge video ranking
all of the factors related to muscle
growth and i'm going to show you guys
which are mandatory for muscle growth so
they're going to go and i'm about to not
category the ones that are [ __ ]
amazing so those are the ones that
maximize muscle growth they're not
mandatory but they're needed if you want
to maximize muscle growth in a short
amount of time the ones that are okay
meaning they don't really hurt
um bad the ones that you got to be
careful with and obviously the ones that
are pure garbage meaning the ones that
are actually detrimental for muscle
growth so this list is going to be your
guide forever whenever you're looking
for a workout program whenever you're
looking to create your own workout
program and the reason for this is
because there's so much confusion out
there remember guys i've been doing this
for over a decade and i've seen every
train come and go i've seen the myths
i've seen the [ __ ]
and trust me as a beginner it can be
very very confusing so i'm going to use
all of my 17 years of experience
combined with all of the scientific
articles that i've read over time keep
in mind guys i read over 10 000 articles
scientific articles in the last decade
and out of those 10 000 i have over 4
500 saved on my computer that i can pull
up at any time right so this is my [ __ ]
this is my obsession my life's passion i
understand muscle growth down to the
molecular and genetic level both from an
experimental perspective through
experience of course to coaching
countless people and also to the
scientific lens
so let's smash all the maps and let's
get straight to it all right all right
let's start with the most important one
right anabolic signaling i'm going to
put that in i'm about to not category
obviously right long story short muscle
growth is simply a combination of dna
transcription and mrna translation
right your body has to copy the gene
needed to make whatever protein in that
case actin myosin whatever right and
then your body has to translate it
that's it transcription translation copy
and paste right that's what leads to
myofibrillar protein synthesis so that's
it i'm about to another category right
so for your transcription factors you
have the engineering receptor which is
the main one along with slr blah blah
and obviously for translation you have
the igf-1 m2 p70x6k pathway so this is
the measuring stick that we're going to
use to rank everything next mechanical
tension everyone thinks it's going to go
in i'm about to another category no it's
in [ __ ] amazing category believe it
or not you do not need
mechanical tension in order to stimulate
anabolic signaling that's one of the
biggest myths in the fitness industry
because most people have no idea how
muscle is actually built it is the best
factor that we have available to us as
naturals but it is not
mandatory for muscle growth perfect
example is that if we put you in a
hospital bed for four weeks
immobilized and we inject you with a
crap ton of steroids guess what you're
gonna build some muscle you're not gonna
turn into ronnie coleman but you're
gonna build a lot of muscle and that's
without moving at all which obviously
shows that you do not need mechanical
tension to increase anabolic signaling
it's just the best tool that we have as
naturals another example if we delete
your myostatin gene or if you're born
with a myostatin mutation without even
moving a [ __ ] finger you're gonna
have hypertrophy muscles once again
showing you that you do not need
mechanical tension to stimulate muscle
growth if we inject you with
phyllostatin and we immobilize all of
your limbs stop you from moving guess
what you're still gonna build a
ridiculous amount of muscle
even without moving the limb which once
again destroys the belief that you need
mechanical potential to build muscle
right so i could go on and normally this
video is gonna be too long but long
story short mechanical tension isn't
[ __ ] amazing you need it to maximize
muscle growth but you do not need it to
start muscle growth in fact after eating
a protein-rich meal if you just sit on
your ass and eat some protein
guess what myofibular protein sentences
are gonna go up meaning you actually
building muscle the only downside is
without training it's going to come
right back down and it's not going to be
sustained for a long amount of time so
everyone has it backwards mainly because
they do not understand the pathways to
which muscle is built but anyway
mechanical tension
[ __ ] amazing you definitely needed to
maximize muscle growth next high
threshold motor unit recruitment
obviously [ __ ] amazing category right
for you to grow muscle fibers through
mechanical tension of course you have to
recruit the goddamn muscle fibers
right and if you do not recruit your
high threshold motor units which are
obviously the ones that control the
biggest and most powerful uh muscle
fibers and also the ones that have the
the most runway for growth then you're
not gonna make a lot of gains this kind
of is common sense right that's why you
don't build muscle from just opening the
fridge right because you're recruiting
your low threshold motor units right you
don't build muscle from picking up your
cell phone and putting it down why
because you're only recruiting your low
threshold motor units but if you want to
build maximum muscle obviously you're
gonna have to recruit the high threshold
motor units which are the neurons that
are connected to the most and the
biggest amount of fastest muscle fibers
another example of that is when people
say hey we work on our legs all day how
come my legs don't just infinitely get
bigger yes because you're using the low
threshold motor units in your legs walk
you're not using the high thresholds
next high motor unit force production
[ __ ] amazing right remember it's not
enough to recruit your high threshold
motor units right you also have to have
them produce force right meaning the
actin and
cross bridges have to form
right i could go into the phospholipid
relationship but my physiology nerves
already know what i'm talking about
right that's the reason why throwing the
football recruits your high threshold
motor units because obviously you have
to use a lot of effort right but you're
not going to build muscle from just
throwing a football all day simply
because
even though you're recruiting you have
threshold motor units they're not
producing a maximum amount of force
therefore they're not
exposed to a high degree of mechanical
tension so how do you have your high
threshold motor units produce as much
force as possible again that's where the
force will actually relationship comes
in right long story short that's when
you're doing high effort repetitions
under low speed right not low speed uh
intentionally but unintentional low
speed right so that long story short so
that's when you're trying to contract
your muscle you're trying to let's say
do a barbell curl
you're trying to move the weight as fast
as possible but the weight is moving up
slowly because the weight is too heavy
or the muscles to fatigue right so
that's how you get maximum force
production right so that's high effort
combined with low velocity not purposely
slowing down the way if you purposely
contract the the muscle slowly then
obviously you're not doing this right it
has to be against your will all right
next
high volume again [ __ ] amazing to
maximize muscle if i'm not going to beat
a dead horse about that if you don't
know the importance of high weekly
volume to maximize muscle growth by now
then i can't help you have so many
readers on the topic right that's the
reason why you can't build maximum
muscle from doing one set a week right
what do you think that is right one set
a week is mechanical tension right
you're applying tension to the muscle
but why is it that one set a week is not
enough to build
huge muscles because it's not enough
volume so it's the volume of mechanical
tension that draws muscle growth and
obviously there's an inverter you girl
so you know that's common sense you
can't just infinitely do more volume
and infinitely grow right that's [ __ ]
[ __ ] everything has an inverted you
got everything that's why life when
people say oh violin versus intensity
your intensity is more important about
them i'm like you guys sound stupid as
[ __ ] right if violin was not important
you could literally go to the gym and do
one set of your one remax and that's it
that's all you need walk into the gym do
one set of your one rep max and go home
and you see how you look like after a
year of doing that right yes going to
lose muscle right which shows you that
intensity is not enough it's the volume
of intensity the volume of tension that
drives muscle growth and a ridiculous
amount of studies have confirmed this
right that's why three sets of ten
builds way more muscle than three sets
so one even if you're doing three sets
of your one rep max what's the
difference they both have mechanical
tension but why is it that the three
sets of ten builds more muscle than
three sets so one
more volume
right therefore more anabolic signaling
more creation and ribosomes more mrna
translation and therefore more
myofibular protein sentences next heavy
weights as in less than five reps to
failure
right meaning about 90 to 95 percent of
of my max depending on the exercise
usually about 95 percent you want to
remax it's okay but it doesn't hurt
right and i've been debunking this mate
for over a decade and now the studies
are numerous
right all the guys who used to argue
back and forth with me about this [ __ ]
are silent now right bunch of crickets
right 10 years ago everyone was saying
oh my god you need to lift brutally
heavy weights in order to build muscle
right and now you guys are finding out
that this is complete bs you could build
muscle with 10 reps 15 reps 20 reps 25
up to 30 reps
right as long as you go close to fairly
score so
lifting brutally heavy weights to build
muscle again it doesn't hurt but it's
not necessary to maximize muscle growth
i do program heavy lifting
in my training programs hsp the first
letter stands for heavy lifting but
that's for completely different benefits
than just building muscle the reason why
i program heavy lifting in hp training
is to increase your bone density to
track your recovery status because
obviously it's one of the best signs
that you under recovered is if your
strength is declining and it's also to
teach you how to recruit your high
threshold motor units right i could go
on and on about the benefits of heavy
lifting but again do not think that you
need to live heavy in order to maximize
muscle growth next eccentrics right so
controlling the negative again okay it
doesn't hurt right meaning you can still
build muscle you can build a ton of
muscle uh without eccentric wraps but
you're gonna have to do a crap ton more
volume than is needed right so if you
try to do concentrix only right without
controlling the weight down you're going
to have to almost double the volume
and obviously try to use even more
weight in order to get the same effects
right so it doesn't hurt but i
definitely recommend adding eccentrics
into your training right which is why on
hsb on a stretch day not only you
focusing on the way to stretch but
you're also focusing on eccentrics
right you can generate a lot more force
doing the negative portion and it also
has a bunch of other benefits that i
covered in previous videos next
concentrix same thing okay but does it
hurt right obviously eccentrics are
better than concentrics
right but you can build muscle without
concentric repetitions right and i
already explained why when we went over
anabolic signaling right and the reason
why i'm not putting them higher is
simply because you do not need
concentrics to maximize muscle growth
right and i'm going to go into more
detail later on for example you can
build a ton of muscle with eccentrics
alone just like you can also build a ton
of muscle with concentrics alone the
perfect example of that is dead lifting
there's almost no concentric
contractions in your traps but i think
anyone who say that deadlift thing or
rack pulling doesn't build traps i think
they were farmer walks right saw
weighted stretch but yet they're
phenomenal upper trap builders next
intensity techniques okay right so
that's stuff like super sets drop shots
rash balls blah blah again you don't
need them to maximize muscle growth and
they're definitely not mandatory for
muscle growth uh but they also don't
hurt right depending on the contacts
right so if you're trying to save time
for example you guys know i love drop
sets and rest balls right people like to
call them maya reps now but they're just
rest both sets right so again they don't
hurt depending on the contacts but
they're definitely not needed to
maximize muscle growth all right muscle
damage i'm actually going to put it at
the be careful category right because
yes even though muscle damage is linked
to growth in some aspects you need to
satellite cell activation and in some
cases myocloud donation uh it is not
needed to maximize hypertrophy in fact
muscle protein synthesis is even higher
when you have less muscle damage right
it's not pure garbage it's not
detrimental because muscle damage does
have some links to hypertrophy they're
just not significant it's mainly
correlational right it's usually a sign
that you're training with high effort
whatever right but i put be careful
because you do not want to create excess
muscle damage right and it's almost
impossible to avoid muscle damage
especially if you're new to an exercise
or you're new to lifting in general
right again a small dose is good
because that's the sign that you're
doing things right but
again be careful you do not want too
much damage that's why i hate the myth
that's still going around that oh
muscles need to be broken down for them
to rebuild bigger and stronger that's
complete [ __ ] muscles do not need to
be broken down in order to rebuild right
you can increase cross-sectional area by
adding new succulents by adding new
contractile units without breaking down
the pre-existing ones that's a
well-known and well-studied fact again
go back to what i was saying be on the
video right if you get injected with
super high doses of testosterone even
while you're laying in bed you're still
gonna build some muscle up to a point of
course right meanwhile there's zero
muscle damage so get the [ __ ] out here
with that stupid asthma
all right same thing with the my style
example that i gave earlier
if we inject you with phylostat into
black microstatin your muscles will grow
without muscle damage if anybody still
tells you oh you need to break down
muscles so you can build them bigger and
stronger tell them that the 1980s want
their pseudoscience back next fast wraps
i'm also gonna put that at bad right
going too fast so let's say you're
curling or you're benching and you're
going super fast you're building almost
zero muscle no matter how heavy the
weight is
again because of the force velocity
relationship right if you go super fast
you're going to recruit your high
threshold motor units but they're not
going to produce enough force
individually right remember the
contractures have to be with high effort
and low velocity they need to be slow
for you to have your muscle fibers
produce as much force as possible
and for titan to be exposed and to start
antibiotic signaling right so if you're
doing a set of let's say 10 reps close
to failure and the first three that are
really really [ __ ] fast
they build almost zero muscle right
that's why plyometrics are horrible for
hypertrophy for the most part you have
high motor unit recruitment but very low
force production on each individual
fiber once again because there's not
enough time for the actin and myosin
cross bridges to form
right therefore titan which is the main
mechanosensor does not have enough time
to start uh anabolic signaling all right
next
good form do you need good phone this is
the funny one do you need good form to
kick start anabolic signaling of course
not right you could build muscle with
[ __ ] form
right but it's obviously not recommended
obviously right so i'm gonna put that in
[ __ ] amazing right because you you do
need good form to maximize muscle growth
right simply because you're putting
maximal tension on the target muscle the
reason i'm not putting in and i'm about
to not categorize because again even if
you do [ __ ] form uh [ __ ] form exercise
you're still gonna stimulate muscle
growth right it's just not gonna be
optimal of course remember the things
that go up here are the things that are
needed with zero exception
to build muscle and obviously you do not
need good form to build muscle you do
need good form to maximize muscle growth
though right so these are two very
different things blood flow i'm about to
nut category this is one of the most
underrated aspects of muscle growth once
again because most [ __ ] in the
fitness industry have no idea how their
body works you cannot repeat you cannot
build muscle you cannot have myofibular
protein sentences being higher than
myofibrillar protein breakdown if you do
not have an increase in blood flow to
the muscle that has been proven time and
time again in fact one of the first
things that happened when the muscle
wants to expand is a conversion from
type 2 b fibers to type 2a fibers right
increasing capillaries
and therefore an increase in nutrients
in anabolic hormones and oxygen you name
it right so another reason why when
people start to
impair
blood flow to a muscle right let's say
through aging or even through insulin
resistance
loss of muscle quickly follows
and the reverse is also true studies
have shown the more you increase blood
flow to a muscle the faster
the subsequent hypertrophy and in some
studies the correlation is as high as
0.90
right that means over 80 percent of the
changes in muscle growth can be
explained by blood flow alone
and it's common [ __ ] sense if you
understand how cells work all right next
full range of motion where do you guys
think this is going
okay category yes i know that sounds
sacrilegious and blasphemous but you do
not need full range of motion to both
stimulate or maximize hypertrophy and
the number one example of that is like i
said former walks blows the [ __ ] out of
the traps and there's zero range of
motion rack pulls blows the [ __ ] out of
the traps zero range of motion isometric
contractions build muscle zero range of
motion
and last but not least the bench press
everyone forgets that the bench press
itself does not train the chest through
a full range of motion right because for
a full range of motion on your packs
your arms your humerus actually has to
go closer to the midline of the body
whereas during the bench press
especially using the barbells you
obviously don't have that right yet no
one is going to deny that you could
build a great set of packs using the
bench press right so full range of
motion is absolutely overrated in fact
because the tension curves is very very
hard for most exercises to actually
train the muscle through a full range of
motion right you have to use machines
and stuff like that right
so stop over hyping full range of motion
i've seen people build muscle with
partial reps half reps
isometrics like i said
many many many different ways to skin a
cat now of course that doesn't mean that
you shouldn't trade with full range of
motion right people like to straw man
everything i say and take it out of
context i do recommend that you train
the full range of motion but for the
sake of this video do not think that
it's in one of those two categories and
in fact one way i have people trained
with full range of motion is i prescribe
multiple exercises right in order to
take full effect of uh you know the
strength curves that's on hsp training i
have you train
the muscle at
long lengths and at shoulder lengths
right so you need multiple exercises to
fully drain the muscle to a full range
of motion all right next
training
to failure i'm actually going to put
that at bad i'm going to put that in the
be careful category and keep in mind i'm
referring to absolute failure not
technical failure absolute failure
meaning gun to your head and you can no
longer move the weight no matter what
right and the reason why i'm putting
that in a be careful category is because
yes doing one set to complete absolute
failure is going to stimulate protein
genesis because of what i explained
earlier you're getting mechanical
tension you're getting full motor unit
recruitment and you're getting high
uh false production
right but you're going to accumulate so
much fatigue from that set
that you're not going to be able to do
multiple sets throughout that week in
fact i'm able to do multiple productive
sets throughout the week which is going
to compromise you guessed it volume so
you're going to stimulate my fibular
protein genesis doing that one brutal
set right but then you're not able to
train effectively that same muscle again
both due to systemic and local fatigue
for the next several days if not for a
whole week right so it's gonna hurt your
weekly volume at the end of that week so
that's why even when i tell people to
train to failure or close to it i tell
them train new technical failure not
absolute failure those are two very
different things right technical
failures when your form starts to break
down absolute failure is when no matter
what
happens you cannot move the weight
anymore right that's definitely not
needed to maximize hypertrophy now if
you're on a [ __ ] on the roids and you
have great recovery management great
recovery capacity
then yeah absolutely you could train a
complete failure but why you know like
what's the point why generate all that
extra systemic fatigue when you could
just stop shorter failure
and do more volume
and then come back one or two days later
and repeat the workout again and i don't
want to hear but during yours but doing
this you are not doing yates and you're
not on the [ __ ] on the royce that yes
it was on next isometrics and squeezing
the muscle again i'm gonna put that okay
right obviously it doesn't hurt it has
this place in bodybuilding obviously it
has a place in my program on the p day
of hsp training right helps with the
mind muscle connection house getting a
sick pump uh but i'm not gonna
over hype it and put it i'm about to not
get it right because you definitely
don't need it
to maximize muscle growth i do recommend
that keep in mind guys all the things in
here right in okay category i still
recommend right so i still recommend
that you incorporate them into your
program
right because they all have their own
benefits it's just they don't belong up
here for molecular reasons next
intentional slow reps bad i'm going to
put that in a be careful category right
again this is intentional slow reps
that's when the rap speed is slow but
because you are making it slow why is it
bad again for the reasons i explained
earlier if you are able to move the
weight slowly
intentionally then that means you do
have higher force production but you
have low motor unit recruitment right
because remember for you to have high
motor unit recruitment the effort needs
to be high and if the effort is high
then you're not gonna move it slowly
you're gonna obviously try to move it as
fast as possible so you're grabbing like
a [ __ ] 10 pound dumbbell and moving
it slow
right because you're trying to increase
force production
it's not going to work because again
you're going to increase first
production but only on the low threshold
motor units because the effort is too
low next slow reps but involuntary slow
reps right so against your well
[ __ ] amazing all right so that's when
the reps are slow but not because you
want them to be slow right they're slow
because you cannot move the weight as
fast as possible
that's when you get maximum motor unit
recruitment right because you're trying
to move the weights fast and that's when
you also get maximum false production
right maximum mechanical tension on the
muscle fibers
right because there's plenty of time for
actin and myosin from cross bridges and
therefore there's plenty of time for
titan to get activated and start the
whole
cascade of anabolic signaling all the
way down to amto activation and p70 s6k
and ribosome genesis next progressive
overload they're gonna have a whole
video on this but it's in [ __ ]
amazing category it is not and i'm about
to know a category and i made a whole
video explaining why keep in mind it
also depends on how you define
progressive overload right progressive
overload is not simply adding more
weight it's more volume could be more
frequency could be facing your form in
order to make the exercise harder or
progressive overload means you applying
a higher degree of mechanical tension
and a higher volume of mechanical
tension to the fibers so whether you do
that by increasing the weight by
increasing the wraps by increasing the
proximity to failure by you know there's
so many ways to grasp overload right so
don't just see it as adding more weight
right i [ __ ] destroyed that myth so
long ago and i made so many videos about
that right
you can actually lower the weight that
you're using which are going to lead to
a drop in your absolute strength long
term but still get an increase in
hypertrophy that's been proven so many
[ __ ] times for example if you used to
lift in the low wrap ranges let's say
three to five rep range and then you
switch to the 10 to 15 rep range for
let's say four months when you go back
to your
low reference training again your
strength is going to be abysmal even
though hypertrophy has occurred right so
it shows you that you do not have to
increase your absolute strength in order
to build muscle now of course now that
you have more muscle after training
let's say in a higher right bench for a
few months and building more muscle when
you go back to your heavy lifting you're
going to be weaker but over time you're
going to be able to break past your
previous plateau because you now have
more muscle mass all right common
[ __ ] sense
anyway if you want more details watch
the whole video that i did on that next
water i'm about to not category again i
have a whole video on water one of the
most underrated things when it comes to
muscle everyone forgets that muscle is
70 water right everyone thinks muscles
is protein protein muscle's 70 water
guys
proper hydration is crucial for muscular
hypertrophy it's not optional it is
mandatory
and 99 of your [ __ ] are
dehydrated right chronically dehydrated
i'm exaggerating with 99 but it's
definitely over 90
again more details on the other videos
that i made
next training close to failure [ __ ]
amazing you definitely need to train
close to failure to maximize hypertrophy
you don't have to train to complete
failure but you have to be pretty damn
close to why because once again when
you're close to failure the rep speed
slows down therefore you have
high force production and high motor
unit recruitment so training close to
failure like i would say rpe of 709 so
leaving about one or three reps in the
tank it's fine and in some studies
you can still build a ton of muscle with
up to four reps in reserve next weighted
straps i'm gonna put that at the very
top
of okay right i wanted to put it higher
but again got to be objective here based
on anabolic signaling rules you do not
need to do weighted stretch exercises to
maximize muscle growth but they will
speed the [ __ ]
out of the process you guys know how
much a lovely stretching you're going to
have videos dating back over 10 years
when i explain the importance of rack
pools and farmer walks and
weighted dates and weighted flies
and weighted pull-ups and uh you know
heavy dumbbell flies just go back and
watch those videos but weighted
stretching is one of the goat forms of
training right because you get maximum
tension on titan you get high force
production you get high motor unit
recruitment and obviously you get a
stronger activation of the anabolic
pathways the only downside is you can't
do it too much right so in hp training
that's going to be on the s stay right
your way to stretch day the only
downside is you can't do it too much
right because then it's going to lead to
way too much muscle damage so once or
twice a week max for most people next
high effort
[ __ ] amazing again you need high
effort
to maximize muscle growth right
meaning training close to failure pretty
much why once again
high effort is needed for higher motor
unit recruitment so if the repetitions
are not hard
chances are you're not maximizing muscle
growth right to be the best gauge is
your [ __ ] face right if you're not
making faces as you're close to
finishing your set something's wrong
right if you're able to come to to
finish the entire set without your face
looking like it got stepped on by a
[ __ ] elephant and something is wrong
right you might want to uh rethink how
close the fella you drain it how much
effort you're putting into it next
training with longer rest periods
believe it or not i'm gonna put that
okay right
it doesn't hurt but it's not needed to
maximize that personal treat you could
train with short raspberries the only
downside is obviously you have to do
more volume you have to do more sets
right but megan research shows that
training with longer respirators
stimulus bone muscle growth yeah that's
that low [ __ ] volumes and you should
be doing high weekly volume anyway to
maximize the pressure right so what's
the point of training with longer
raspberries if you're gonna end up doing
low volume that defeats the whole
[ __ ] purpose right especially if
you're trying to train
full body workout or upper lower push
pull and you have so many muscles to hit
you don't have time
you know to rest too long between sets
unless you're doing super sets right if
you don't superset obviously then that's
a different story but you know the
benefit of wrestling longer yeah you do
get higher spikes in protein sentences
but the workout also takes a [ __ ]
longer
a [ __ ] time longer to complete
especially if you're doing full body
workouts now again like i said there are
ways to mitigate that with super sense
but if you're not doing super sets then
resting longer it's not worth it because
again you're getting more monofilament
protein genesis but you're also in the
dream for [ __ ] three hours
also keep in mind there are several
studies that show that drop sets are
superior to straight sets whereas drop
sets obviously use extremely short rest
periods right less than five seconds all
right so it's not that simple anyway
next training with high frequency
[ __ ] amazing if you want to maximize
hypertrophy
you must i repeat you must strain behind
frequency right see the argument that i
hate the argument that people make is
they're like oh well you could you can
hit a muscle once or twice a week you're
gonna build muscle yeah no [ __ ] but
we're not just trying to build muscle
we're trying to build
the maximum amount of muscle we could
build in a given time frame right so if
you have let's say three months to put
on as much muscle as possible it's not
even a comparison between a low
frequency group and a high frequency
group
right because with the higher frequency
you're able to do more
weekly volume
more effective weekly volume whereas
with the low frequency group even if you
try to do a [ __ ] ton of volume
for that week you're gonna have to do it
in only one or two sessions which is
obviously an optimal because because the
last few sets are gonna be low quality
right you're gonna have too much
systemic fatigue
right so the best way for 90 to maximize
muscle growth is with high weekly volume
spread out throughout the week right
it's funny how years ago the [ __ ]
idiots were saying oh you know this is
why i hate a lot of scientific
communities sometimes because they
constantly flip-flopping and they always
kept up
to what we were saying over 10 years ago
right 10 years ago they were saying oh
you only need to train the muscle once a
week
maybe twice a week but you can overtrain
right now they're saying oh you gotta
train at least twice a week that's
slowly catching up right he's gotta
slowly capture that right now some of
them even recommending more than twice a
week this [ __ ] that we've been saying
for over a decade
right now if you're on the royce
obviously you could just train once
every [ __ ] two weeks if you want
right because you're constantly
elevating my female protein sentences
while simultaneously having lower
protein breakdown and lower cortisol
levels but if you're natural more
frequency is key obviously to a point
like i said earlier right it's an
inverter you're carving everything right
to me if you're natty you should be
hitting every muscle at least three
times a week especially if you're
advanced right and i would explain why
right if you've been training for a long
time despite you getting myofibular
protein sensitive from training is very
short-lived right it goes right back to
baseline in less than 24 hours in some
cases only like 16 hours and if there's
less muscle damage in that session then
that spike comes back so [ __ ] quick
next increasing satellite cells
myonuclei and obviously energy and
receptor content [ __ ] amazing right
you cannot repeat you cannot maximize
the rate of muscle growth unless you
find ways to break through the
myonuclear domain limit right but
again which is the whole idea behind
nucleus overload in the first place
remember anabolic signaling starts with
dna transcription right and the main
molecule responsible for that is
obviously the androgen receptor and
where is the endogenous receptor located
around the myonuclei right the more
satellite cells you have the more
myonucleotide you have
the greater your potential for growth
which is why in initial stages of muscle
growth you can build some muscle uh
without having a lot of nuclei but to
break past that plateau
to build a tremendous amount of muscle
it is literally impossible to do so
without a simultaneous increase in
satellite cell activation monoclonal
donation and obviously energetic
receptor content right which is once
again why nucleus overload works so
[ __ ] well you're increasing your
energy and receptor content you're
increasing your satellites as a male
nuclei as well as your capillary
networks and stuff like that the reason
why it's not higher is because once
again
you do not need an increase in satellite
cells for the initial
increase in muscle growth right you only
need it for
breaking past those plateaus and
maximizing the response right and again
it's also why people on steroids not
only put on muscle faster right because
testosterone increases the [ __ ] out of
androgen receptors and satellites as a
myonuclei but it's also why even after
they get off steroids they still can
maintain a lot more muscle than a
natural person is because they still
have all of the myonuclear and
satellites that they accumulated
from years of steroid abuse right that's
why i would say once you go to the dark
side once you take royce you are never
[ __ ] natural you don't just take
roy's and then go back to oh look that
was years ago i'm 90 now [ __ ] off right
you have all these myonuclei which gives
you a huge advantage at maintaining the
amount of muscle that you have even on
the low or zero doses of steroids and
that's how a lot of these clowns out
there on social media fool you guys
they're like oh look i haven't taken
rose in a long time and i still have a
lot of muscle you idiot cause you still
have a [ __ ] up my nuclei anyway next
improving your testosterone cortisol
ratio right so that's increasing
testosterone while also keeping cortisol
low right because everyone forgets that
it's not just about testosterone and
free testosterone it's about
the balance between your anabolic
hormones and your catabolic hormones
right so the balance between
testosterone and cortisol so [ __ ]
amazing right and again i'm not going to
go into the science i made a million
videos about that right the importance
of testosterone for activating the
androgen receptor which is again after
myostatin the most important factor when
it comes to starting dna transcription
and translation in some aspects because
the energy receptor leads to
an increase in phyllostatin and in igf-1
receptor right all the way down to mto
activation blah blah blah so long story
short
improving your testosterone ratio is in
[ __ ] amazing category right because
remember the androgen receptor after
myostatin is king and you obviously
cannot activate the energy receptor
fully without testosterone next amto
reset [ __ ] amazing category if you
want to maximize muscle growth you have
to that's not optional you have to go
through amateur reset phase manufacture
people already know what i'm tory said
is so i'm not going to beat a dead horse
over but long story short you have to
d train not deload de-train yourself for
a short period of time so that you can
re-sensitize the muscle
to anabolic signaling again and it's
funny how i was literally bro silencing
and theorizing about this over 10 years
ago and now the research is backing it
up like crazy once again like i always
say the science eventually catches up to
the guys who are in the trenches right
so if you've been training for more than
four six weeks but but i've taken at
least
a few a few days off right ideally at
least a week
then yeah you still gonna build muscle
but it's going to be a such a [ __ ]
return on investment for your effort
right because eventually you're
increasing androgen receptors down
regularly increasing settling cell
activation and monogly donation
decreases
right and again that's your body's way
of stopping you from getting too big and
the only way you could trick it is by
detraining
right not stimulating mtor at all for a
few days right at least a week right one
or two weeks ideally so that you can
restart the whole process mtor reset is
the absolute cheat code next sleep i'm
about to not category or i'm never gonna
[ __ ] ramble about that i have too
many videos on importance of sleep one
of the most underrated aspects of
training all right keep in mind this is
an i'm about to not category meaning it
is mandatory for monster growth not
optional next spiking your anabolic
hormones during the training session
[ __ ] amazing
don't let nobody tell you that the
increases the acute increases in
testosterone specifically testosterone
during training
is not important right
the studies that show that there's no
correlation between the spikes in
testosterone doing a workout and
hypertrophy
did not control for androgen receptor
content right they did not control for
satellite cells they're not controlled
for androgen receptors
at baseline right because we do know
that androgen receptor content and
satellite cell content and baseline
is extremely important for hypertrophy
right that's what decides higher
responders from low responders is
literally the amount of androgen
receptors and myonuclei and satellite
cells of course that they have in their
muscle at baseline and how do you
activate those energy receptors
testosterone and in fact there's some
studies that actually show that the
spike in testosterone from training
is needed to even reap the effects and
strength gains from that session and i
also made videos when i showed you guys
what happens when you actually blocked
it starts from from spiking or when you
block the style altogether
rappers after weeks of training almost
zero gains right so i could make a whole
video on this but i've covered this so
many times
also keep in mind that the increase in
testosterone you get from training right
assuming you're doing like a compound
life like squats deadlift whatever
increases the half-life of the androgen
receptor itself which again goes back to
what i said earlier right and also the
acute increase in testosterone you get
from doing let's say compound levels of
full body lifts
right comes without
a proportionally big increase in sex
hormone globulin so that means you
actually get more free testosterone
during that session which obviously gets
uptake in my engineering receptor and
you know and is able to uh interact with
all the tissues but anyway next
deloading
i'm going to put that at bad all right i
hate the idea of deloading right just d
train guys d train right because
deloading you're using lighter weights
but you still run the risk of
stimulating mtor
and the whole point of amateur reset is
to not stimulate mtor or the endogenous
receptor for at least a week right so
instead of deloading and using this
weights and then risking uh you know
hurting your recovery further just stop
training right guys i know it's hard
trust me been there but the benefits are
unreal
you're able to break through strength
plateaus when you come back right
obviously the first few days back you're
gonna feel weaker but you quickly break
past your previous plateau and
you re-sensitize the muscle to growth in
addition to drastically reducing your
risk of injury right because you're
giving your body a chance to
recharge restore
right your connective tissue have a
chance to catch up on and so forth next
compound lifts do you need compound
lifts to maximize hypertrophy of course
you don't right even though i highly
recommend compound lips you do not need
them to maximize hypertrophy right you
could build muscle with compound lifts
or solutions so i'm going to put
isolation that's right next to it right
doesn't matter whether you use compounds
or isolation movements as long as you
find a way to increase motor unit
recruitment and false production
you're going to stimulate my favorite
protein synthesis right now of course i
would recommend most people to pay
compound lifts over isolation simply
because you're able to accumulate more
volume in that way in a more efficient
manner right for example if you're doing
the bench press you're hitting your
chest you're hitting your triceps and
your fundamentals now it's not a perfect
one-to-one ratio but you're accumulating
violently that way whereas you know for
example one side of bench press is one
set of chests one set of triceps and one
set of front delts right whereas an
isolation lift
you know in that same period of time is
only triceps
right so they both have their place
right
right in your training program but
for most beginners or most people who
are short on time or who have a hard
time accumulating weekly volume which is
very hard to do i especially affected
weekly volume i recommend compound lifts
now if you're trying to bring up a
lagging body part or you're trying to do
nucleus overload then i definitely
recommend isolation lifts unless you're
really really good at managing recovery
right and obviously the other benefit of
isolation laces you're able to target
the muscle uh without having too many
other body parts
cannibalize the tension next
do you need the burn to maximize muscle
growth you goddamn [ __ ] right
this is one of the most misunderstood
aspects of training right the pump and
the burn all that stuff right people
think oh well it's optional no it's not
not if you understand how muscle growth
works first of all what causes the burn
think about it the burn comes from an
accumulation of hydrogen ions right
which come from obviously anaerobic
respiration and the creation of lactate
well what produces lactate slow twist
muscles are phased muscles fast tuition
muscle fibers remember lactate and
hydrogen ions right which cause the burn
are the result of exhausting your fat
storage muscles
right remember it is fastest muscles
that primarily produce lactate not slow
twist muscles right because slow twist
muscles use mainly aerobic respiration
which produces carbon dioxide and water
whereas anaerobic respiration produces
lactate and the adrenaline which causes
the burn so the burn long story short
and we obviously know that if you want
to build huge muscles you have to mainly
hypertrophy the fastest muscles right
because the sloshes muscles only have a
very small capacity for growth whereas
the fastest muscles have the biggest
capacity for growth right which is why
we want to recruit the high threshold
units
right so when you fill in the burn
that's literally an indirect cue an
indirect marker that you are using and
fatiguing
your fastest muscles because they're the
only ones that actually make you feel
the burn now the reason why it's not
higher is because again you don't need
the burn to build muscle but you
definitely needed to maximize
hypertrophy in a short amount of time of
course
right if you train without a burn of
course you're going to build muscle
right it's just going to take a lot it's
just going to take you a lot longer
right because you don't have an
effective way to gauge that you're
actually recruiting and exhausting your
faster sm muscle fibers now to be fair
another reason why it's also not hard is
because you can't get a burn training
with very very light weights but you're
obviously gonna have to do a lot of
[ __ ] volume right and that brings us
to the pump
i'm about to nut category the case is
closed don't let no one tell you that
the pump is not important for
hypertrophy and this is so easy to prove
not only the science proves it the
anecdotes prove it but look just
understanding how muscles are built
we'll help you come to that conclusion
one we do know that blood flow is
mandatory for hypertrophy you cannot get
a pump without an increase in blood flow
obviously
two we know that proper hydration is
mandatory for hypertrophy again you
cannot get a maximum problem notice i
put max right because everyone confuses
the pump with just oh look there's some
blood in my muscle no i'm always
referring to a maximum pump that's when
your skin is stretching the muscle
physics about to explode it burns that's
what i'm referring to a maximum pump you
can get a normal pump from [ __ ]
jerking off right of course that doesn't
count
right a maximum pump you cannot get a
maximum pump unless you're well hydrated
you don't believe me try it right try
going one or two days with [ __ ] water
intake and try to get a pump next a pump
is also it also happens simultaneously
with the burn
right because again lactate is an asthma
like it pulls water into the cell so
it's also a sign right the pump is also
a sign
that you are using your fastest muscle
fibers and you fatigue them right which
is why they're producing lactate and
causing the burn right from the hydrogen
ions
next you cannot get a pump in a target
muscle unless you're using good form
right try using straight form it's gonna
be very hard to get a pump because a
bunch of other muscles are contributing
to your
to the exercise right because you have
[ __ ] form
so a pump is also a sign that you're
using good form you're actually
targeting the muscle that you're trying
to lift next it is very hard to get a
maximum pump unless you're training
close to failure
right because remember you have to
recruit your father's fibers and you
have to exhaust them you have to go
close to failure so a pump is also a
sign that you're going close to failure
and we know how important that is
right again you cannot get a pump unless
you're training with high effort
right again a maximum pump that is you
can get a small fish pump but you're not
going to get a skin stretching pump
unless you're training with maximum
effort right
next the pump which happens concurrently
with the burn right produces lactate and
we know lactates can lead to short
increases in testosterone
right acute spikes and i already
mentioned the benefit of acute spikes
that testosterone during training and in
fact some vitro studies have shown that
lactic acid was enough as stimulating
testosterone production
just as well and if i remember correctly
in some cases even better than
luteinizing hormone right also you
cannot get a pump unless you have
sufficient nitric oxide in your body
which is also a regulator of satellite
cell activation so i can go on and on i
already made an entire video on the pump
watch it out but getting a pump
is a sign that you're doing
damn near everything right right that's
when i work with clients one of the
first things i ask them especially
online clients because i can't really
see them training so i ask them how was
your pump to me that's one of the best
ways to know somebody's training close
to failure with proper form targeting
the correct muscle going close to
failure and recruiting the high
threshold motor units is they get a
stupid pump
also you cannot get a pump if you're not
fully recovered
right try sleeping like [ __ ] try eating
like [ __ ] right and then go to the gym
and try to get a pump non-existent right
and this is nothing new guys
bodybuilders have known this for decades
the main confusion arises because people
don't know how to differentiate between
a normal pump and a maximum pump those
are two completely different things and
as you guys know i mentioned a study
that came out over two years ago that
showed that when exclusive people
trained the group to have the people
that have the biggest pumps ended up
building the most muscle right i
referenced that study so many [ __ ]
times and i'm just waiting till it gets
replicated
right but everything lines up
cell swelling is crucial
for hypertrophy
and don't even get me started on the
blood flow restriction training
literature i could go on and on but
anyway don't let nobody tell you that
the pump is not crucial
next protein obviously i'm about to not
category right i mean
right you cannot and i repeat you cannot
translate mrna into actual
protein right without amino acids so
high quality protein obviously including
essential amino acids
such as leucine
which is obviously the king of amino
acids when it comes to muscle growth but
yeah protein is far more important than
everything down here right because no
matter what you do if you do not have
essential amino acids and obviously the
rest of them as well into the cell you
cannot build muscle
period you could train all you want you
could put as much mechanical tension as
you want you can progressively overload
all you want you could do all the weekly
volume in the world all the nuclear
solar in the world if you do not have
amino acids and obviously water
there is zero muscle growth in fact
everyone forgets that training doesn't
build muscle
protein builds muscle what training does
is training increases your body
sensitivity to amino acids it increases
your muscles sensitivity
to amino acids
it increases the spike of the muscle
protein synthesis response and the
duration of it
right which is why you can build muscle
which is protein alone but you cannot
build muscle if you train and don't eat
protein i repeat you can build muscle by
just eating protein by itself with zero
training obviously you're not gonna turn
into ronnie coleman but you're gonna
build some muscle right
protein over feeding studies i've shown
that over and over again
um whereas if you try to train and eat
zero protein you actually lose muscle so
that tells you what's more important
next carbs again i'm going to put carbs
that okay doesn't hurt simply because
again carbs are not essential your body
can make glucose of course cups are
crucial for recovery they're crucial for
maximum performance right because you do
need
quick replenishment or glycogen after
training if you want to be able to train
with high weekly volume uh but they're
not mandatory for muscle growth now
again that doesn't mean that i don't
recommend it right don't get it twisted
i recommend a [ __ ] ton of carbs for the
reasons that i mentioned earlier
faster glycogen replenishment energy
levels
during training keeping quarters so low
right the discussion cortisol ratio so
many benefits right but i cannot put it
hard simply because it has no direct
effect on myofibril protein synthesis
now they do
lower protein breakdown
but you can also lower protein breakdown
which is protein so it's the only reason
why cup is okay trust me i would love to
put them higher
next fats i'm about to nut category
that's one of the most underrated things
people think healthy fats are optional
you need fats not just for the
production of your hormones but also for
the absorption of your vitamins and
minerals which are obviously needed for
protein sentences and you also need fats
to create this cell membrane of your
uh i'm not just your muscle cell pretty
much your whole god damn body all right
so healthy fast monounsaturated fats
omega-3s
very important for the structure of your
muscle cells and obviously you need
saturated fat for testosterone
production and stuff like that but again
your body makes saturated fat so they're
not really essential uh but but remember
just because your body makes something
doesn't mean it's not important and like
i said your body does not make omega-3
so you definitely gotta you definitely
gotta eat those next vitamins and
minerals i'm about to nut category again
another thing that is so underrated
everyone thinks oh vitamins minerals let
me just
get some here and there they're
definitely optional [ __ ] no you cannot
have anabolic signaling without vitamins
and minerals just common sense a lot of
the enzymes evolved in this process a
lot of the enzymes involved in
anabolic signaling require vitamins and
minerals and 99 and this time i actually
mean 99
of people that i've coached in the last
10 plus years are deficient in vitamins
minerals it's not even close almost
everybody's deficient vitamins and
minerals right because one everyone
thinks they could just pop a [ __ ]
multivitamin
even though the studies have shown over
and over again that they do not [ __ ]
work for reasons that are explained a
million
and two the ones who do take vitamins
and minerals don't even take high enough
doses right they take [ __ ] minimum
amounts that were generated for the
average sedentary guy
right not for a person who's training
full body or high frequency or high
volume so long story short most people
are deficient in vitamins and minerals
and they wonder why their gains are
slowing down right you have the fact
that a salt is deficient in nutrients
you have the fact that most vitamins and
minerals can pay for absorption you have
the fact that the fat soluble vitamins
so adek need fats to be absorbed and
almost everyone is eating low fat diets
and [ __ ] right
i mean i can give you a million reasons
why over 99 of people i come across are
deficient vitamins and minerals and yet
they are so crucial for muscle growth
and last but not least caloric surplus
do you need a caloric surplus
is it mandatory to build muscle no it's
not mandatory of course all right you
can build muscle in the deficit it's
just a lot harder also obviously if
you're a beginner you could build muscle
and
deficit if you're on steroids you could
also build muscle the deficit just not
as much so it's in [ __ ] amazing
category right a caloric surplus is a
maximizer you need it to maximize muscle
growth but you do not need it to
kick-start the process because your body
already has fat stores to use right so
if you take two people who are training
perfectly with everything equal the
person in the surplus is actually gonna
build a lot more muscle than the person
who's at maintenance or in a deficit
it's gonna come with some fat as well
but hey that's how the body works anyway
that's it guys hope this video helps
remember if you're struggling with
muscle growth or you're trying to
maximize your muscle growth look at the
items on the first row
make sure that everything here is in
order before you even lick anything
below right so the first row is the row
that you do not want to mess with right
you don't want to risk anything in the
first row being out of whack
next once you have everything in the
first row out of the way you can start
looking at the factors in the second row
right the maximizers next everything in
the okay category is fine you can
implement them into your training you
can play around with the con depending
on the contacts right but they should
only be looked at after row one and row
two are fully accounted for and
obviously everything in this role right
here is not
completely evil uh that's why they're
not in the pure garbage category but you
definitely want to be careful right all
right guys that's it
see you guys in the comment section and
the reddit alright guys don't forget to
like or share the video subscribe and
hit the bell and buy my hsp nucleus of a
little training program see ultimate
program for maximum muscle growth it
includes full body workout splits bro
splits push-pull home workouts you name
it also comes with a complete guide for
macros nutrition fat loss muscle growth
hormones
including a meal plan it's pretty much
all my 16 years of experience condensed
into one [ __ ] book you're also going
to get free copies of any future edition
so visit team3d alpha.com and you can
use the 40 off coupon code nucleus
overload or you could just buy this [ __ ]
at full price alright guys i'm outta
here
