all right guys part four we got we
started with
Eric my uncle then hza now Marco Marco's
trash I already made a video about that
it's just a rewind Marco when he was
doing right when I met Marco I was like
dude why are your traps so [ __ ] big
right when you see Marco the first thing
you seees is [ __ ] traps first I
thought okay maybe it's the juice and
obviously I got to know my father it
wasn't the juice we've been training for
like almost two years now and I was like
man what is it and once again once I
discovered the overtraining thing I went
back and started quizzing all these guys
and I asked him I said dude was there a
time when you like train your traps
every day he no I can't I can't you know
I don't remember you know all I love
doing is benching and curling [ __ ] like
that then he goes well wait a minute I
used to play rugby he was actually a
professional rugby player in France and
his coach you guys know rugby is
football without the helmet so the most
danger dous but the most dangerous part
of rugby is your neck right your neck if
you get tackled you get a concussion
whatever you could you can end your all
career you can you know get really
injured so the coach put a big emphasis
on trap training right he had him train
traps every single time they train I
forgot how many times it was but it was
like more than three times a week and
every time they train they hit traps
they do they did neck work they did
traps work shrugs upright row cuz the
coach knew if you're a football player
you know like the stronger your traps
the less prone you are to concussions
cuz it absorbs the impact of like say
you get tackled and your neck bounces
back your trust actually hold your neck
in place a lot of people that enter
their careers in rugby because of neck
and traps injury so rugby players put a
lot of emphasis on two things the traps
and the legs the legs because that's
where the power come from to Sprint and
Tackle so he's coach had him doing legs
and traps every single time in the train
we know two biggest parts of um M's body
coincidentally right coincidentally it
traps in his legs the muscle that he TR
every single day of the biggest parts of
his body and now he only got has to hit
him once a week and the other muscles
that he only train like once a week are
average you know they're still big by
the average is it a coincidence you tell
me the over trining principle that work
once again and um and now he the funny
thing is he's at at a point where he
uses trap so much that no matter what he
does they get a pump which is another
side effect of the overtraining thing if
you hit that muscle every day it'll be
your body will be so your body will
prioritize that muscle so much that the
slightest thing you do like activates it
all right let's go to the next one idea
why it work I
just I get up and
do how to put on the pound of muscle in
30 days the reason why I pick the pound
of muscle perfect for [ __ ] right
it's not impossible it look very hard
guys a pound of muscle a
