hey guys what's going on megan here all
right so for this episode of top tier
tuesday
we're going to do something a little
different we're going to go over
the top 10 was actually more than that
but i'm just going to focus on 10 for
this video top 10 genes for hypertrophy
right we're going to rank them based of
importance right because you guys seem
to enjoy the videos on genetics and dna
and race and stuff like that right so
we're going to use the standard criteria
i'm about to nut best of the best f
amazing
second best okay we're not going to use
bad impure garbage for today mainly
because you know a lot of these genes
are important we're just going to rank
them from most important to least
important so if you have any mutations
in any of these genes
um the bad mutations of course you're
going to have a hard time putting on
muscle if you have the complete opposite
which is you have the good allele the
good version of the gene then you're
obviously going to put on muscle a lot
faster than average individual now keep
in mind i have to repeat in this
disclaimer every time guys having quote
unquote bad genetics does not mean you
cannot build muscle unless you have some
[ __ ] disease right it does not mean
you can't build muscle it just means it
will take you longer and you have to
work a lot harder to reach the same
level of muscularity as somebody with
good genetics right so don't give up
don't be like oh my god i have bad
genetics i just check my genome and i
have the shitty version of this gene uh
so i'm not gonna work out anymore no
that's not how it works right it's not
how the body works it's just gonna take
you longer
okay and it takes a lot of genes to
create a physique not just one or two
so anyway for this episode we're going
to focus on these and then i might do
more more episodes because there's you
know there's a hundreds
so let's just focus on 10 i added an
extra one to make it 11. all right so
let's get started let's pick in my
random the vitamin d receptor gene i'm
going to put that one that [ __ ]
amazing
if you have a negative mutation if you
have a bad mutation on this gene you're
going to have a hard time not just with
hypertrophy but with strength with
recovery with energy or everything
because again watch my video on sunlight
and uh you know it's called sunlight
it's anabolic something like that but
watch my video on that and i go into
details right vitamin d is one of the
most underrated things in the world
because once again it's not a vitamin
it's a hormone so if you're not getting
enough vitamin d you're not getting
enough sun especially if you're a dog
naked like myself you want you want to
be out there in the sun or
uh if you live uh north of the equator
so in europe uh north america whatever
and you know the uvb rates the trash
then you have to supplement with vitamin
d or you have to eat a lot of fish and
stuff like that but yeah if you have any
mutations any negative mutations on this
gene you're gonna have a hard time
putting on my soul and you're gonna
struggle with everything else in life
all right next my sound obviously you
guys already know you watch my videos on
my stand i'm about to not category right
if you have the positive version of the
myostatin related genes keep in mind
it's not just myostatin that includes
phallus statin that includes active into
be a receptor that includes active in a
right if you have the good versions um
of those genes meaning in you know in
reverse meaning myostatin is not working
as well and it's not um activating the
activating 2b receptors well you're
going to put on a lot of muscle a lot
quicker than an average person
meanwhile if you have the working
version of the gene you guys already
know from my videos you [ __ ] so my
statin and all this related genes are in
i'm about to another category
uh next we have uh
ielts sakes right in the look and seeks
you guys already know that's immune
system related gene so that's anything
to do with your immune system i want to
put that in [ __ ] amazing because the
immune system is so underrated when it
comes to hypertrophy everyone thinks
immune system that's for disease and
sickness and viruses no [ __ ]
recovering from the gym recovering from
training recovering from high volume
workouts your immune system is the first
line of defense even nucleus overload
right if you have a hard time
replenishing your satellite cell pool
you have a hard time um generating
additional nuclei you [ __ ] right
because your transcription factors are
going to be limited right so if you have
any bad polymorphism especially with
interleukin 6 averages that you see a
lot more you're gonna have a hard time
putting a muscle simply because again
it's gonna take you forever to recover
right because the immune system is the
first line of defense after a workout
and obviously i'm referring to the
innate immune system not the adaptive
one all right next igf-1 igf-1 is going
to be at the top
of [ __ ] amazing right because again
igf-1 is upstream of the mtor pathway
right dna translation ribosome creation
so if you have any negative
polymorphisms any bad mutations on your
igf-1 gene you my friend are [ __ ]
because you're going to get some dna
transcription you're going to get rna
transcription but you're not going to
get any translation right so it doesn't
matter how hard you train
or how many steroids you're in jack
you're going to have a hard time um
translating uh the you know the mrna
so in layman terms you're gonna have a
hard time increasing protein synthesis
right and that includes igf-1 the igf-1
receptor and obviously insulin right so
all of those genes
next
anything
relating to dopamine i'm gonna also put
that as [ __ ] amazing and i'm gonna
tell you what guys first i watched my
videos on dopamine from like years ago
you know it's still relevant to the
state um and you guys know i go on and
on and on about dopamine and to stop
some of these things everyone forgets
that training is painful guys not
everyone is wired the same we all built
differently right not everyone can push
to the pain not everyone can put you
know 400 pounds on their back and squat
up and down that you know training is
painful so you need to be resilient you
need to have the right polymorphisms all
the genes that are related to
motivations that includes dopamine
dopamine receptor obviously um because
your body calls for the brain receptor
not dopamine itself um
the the enzymes that you know to help
speed up the conversion from tyrosine to
other put it down all of this stuff
right anything that's related to your
dopamine pathway guys you cannot have
any of these negative polymorphisms
right because you're not gonna have a
lot of motivation to train right and
keep in mind dopamine converse to
adrenaline and no adrenaline so you're
not even gonna have that killer instinct
and that's why i put it in [ __ ]
amazing right you can't just look at the
the hypertrophy and and just the muscle
change you also have to look at the the
motivation and the mindset and the
willpower that you need to have to be
able to push through the pain and work
out
right so anything that has to do with
comt maoa dopamine receptors hopefully
your parents gave you a good version of
this gene or you know you're gonna be a
[ __ ] for life
next lap then receptor i'm actually
gonna put this in
i'm about to know that category believe
it or not man that's again i'm notice
this video i'm focusing on the
underrated stuff right
everyone on oh by the way left and
receptive folks you know my video you
know what it does if you don't it's
pretty much what controls your appetite
right i'm just gonna keep it simple
right so anything that controls your
appetite includes ghrelin but let's
focus on leptin if you do not have a big
appetite it's gonna be a long journey
for you
because the number one thing the number
one thing that decides how big you're
gonna get how much muscle you're gonna
pack on believe it or not believe it if
oh man i guess you know i wanna talk
about this it's not hard you train it's
not how much volume you do or how strong
you get or how you know uh how big no
it's how much you can [ __ ] eat guys
eating is everything i have so many
videos in there but it looks like i have
to do more because the fitness industry
is so full of [ __ ] and to this day you
have people who literally say that oh
nutrition is important but it's not the
most important are you [ __ ] kidding
me
right
the amount of protein you're getting in
the amount of calories you're getting in
the amount of fats healthy fats you're
getting in your amount omega-3s the
amount of magnesium i'm saying all of
these things are at the foundation of
muscle hypertrophy if you do not have a
big appetite it is
virtually impossible not not oh it's
gonna be no it is virtually impossible
for you to get swole so if you're skinny
you're a hard gainer you weigh like 130
140 pounds you're trying to get to 100
and 780 you need to have a big appetite
and there are people out there who only
eat a thousand fifteen hundred calories
a day
and they train hard they progressively
overload they do all out of [ __ ] and i
wonder why am i not getting big
where is the body gonna find the
building blocks
right the old saying eat big to get big
still applause to the state it's not
optional guys you need to have a big
appetite that's why i that's why back in
the day when i was bodybuilding i still
struggle so much because i have a [ __ ]
appetite i had to freaking drink uh and
shore and liquid shakes and [ __ ] because
i just have a shitty appetite
meanwhile my friends were able to get as
big as [ __ ] possible it was a
complete opposite they could eat two
chicken breasts and be hungry an hour
later
right so if you have any negative
polymorphisms with your leptin receptor
or growling or whatever it's going to be
a long journey for you you need a big
appetite to make it in this game i mean
even bodybuilders on steroids you ask
them what is the most annoying part of
bodybuilding they'll tell you having to
constantly eat
right they're not they won't even tell
you oh it's the injection this is the
training it's the cardio they'll be like
oh it's the [ __ ] food
so if professional bodybuilders want a
[ __ ] ton of roids and have top tier
genetics still have to eat a lot to get
big what makes you think your bum ass
can get away what we're eating a cup of
ramen noodles a day but anyway i'm i
just want to change it because this
topic infuriates me so much nutrition is
number one all right next you have uh
the ace gene so ace agt anything that
has to do with the retinan angiotensin
pathway long story short anything that
has to do with your blood pressure i'm
going to put that at okay
it is very important for hypertrophy
especially if you have the dd version of
the ac gene right very important fight
for three because that's going to allow
you to generate power you know again
your father flight system requires an
increase in blood pressure so if
anything in that pathway is hindered
well there goes your gains right and the
reason i put big grammy i want to make a
video why uh but it's about people that
have a middle eastern and arabic
industry uh they are the kings when it
comes to the fight-or-flight uh system
right so they they have the best
polymorphisms when it comes to ace and
things like that anyway i'm gonna make a
video about that so anything that
regulates your blood pressure extremely
important
right because ultimately if eating is
king well guess what how is the
nutrients and the glucose and all of
that gonna make it to your target
tissues right blood flow which brings us
here same thing this one this i'm
actually going to put it above are
[ __ ] amazing that's anything that has
to do with nitric oxide synthesis right
anything has to do once again with blood
flow increasing blood flow increasing
delivery maximizing the pump watch my
video on the pump this is another thing
i have to make i have to make another
video about because the fitness industry
is so full of [ __ ] when it comes to the
pump 90 of people just repeat and
regurgitate whatever they heard on the
study or from an expert and they do not
understand how important maximizing the
pump is for hypertrophy keep in mind i
said maximizing the pump i'm not talking
about the oh look i curled
you know and i did a few reps and look i
feel a little pump no maximizing the
pump the skin stretching
burning pump
so important for hypertrophy i have a
whole video on that check it out and i'm
going to make a new one with even more
evidence because the [ __ ] just keeps
coming back
so and this is where this gene comes in
right nitric acid synthesis also vgf in
fact over 93 of the variants you know in
between people when they work out you
know who gets big fats or whatever
is linked to blood flow is that a
coincidence and that's whether you're
unity or enhanced so maximizing blood
flow is key guys so if you're insulin
resistant because insulin also plays a
role in increasing blood flow or you
know you're deficient in any of the
enzymes that maximize blood flow you're
going to have a hard time packing on
size next the nyh gene and ppr for
pretty much anything that has to do with
how many fast switch muscles you have
i'm going to put that in [ __ ] amazing
again
the reason i'm not putting at the top is
because you don't need a lot of
fast-forward muscles to actually you
know get big but if you want to be a
top-tier bodybuilder or you want to look
like a [ __ ] beast you definitely need
that right so that's what i'm putting in
[ __ ] amazing right so anything that
has to do with having a lot of type 2a
and some type 2 being muscle fibers
right so that's obviously going to be
helpful for putting on muscle
and obviously for sprinting and football
and all the athletic sports
so try to make sure well there's nothing
you can do about it but hopefully pray
that your parents gave you the good
version of the myh and ppr alpha
variants and things like that next
acting in three same thing [ __ ]
amazing right you gotta again watch my
video on black genetics and why black
people put on muscle faster and water
you know dominate spraying thing and
blah blah blah i already go into details
but if you have the shitty the reason
i'm putting [ __ ] amazing instead of
i'm about to nudge because maybe your
parent your mom gave you you know the
bad dream and your dad gave you a good
dream so if you have rx you find you're
still going to put on a lot of muscle
um in a relatively
uh you know in a reasonable amount of
time but if you xx it's going to be a
long journey for you right because
remember that means you're missing
acting in three right you you're
actually deficient in acting three so
this is a structural element of your
muscles that's like building a house and
you're missing you know i don't know
iron steel or wood or whatever it's
obviously you know not gonna be on a
strong foundation so
if you have the bad version of the actin
and three but you know again let's say
your mom gave you the beverage and your
dad give it a good version you should be
fine right you know you should be able
to put on muscle but i say it's going to
take you longer because acting 3 also
plays a role in recovery and you know
protecting your muscles from excessive
protein breakdown it's not just about
generating false it has a lot of other
functions so [ __ ] amazing category
oh [ __ ] let me look at the timer [ __ ]
how long is this video oh [ __ ] 14
minutes i gotta hurry up
all right last but not least the
androgen receptor gene
i'm about to nut guys that is by far the
most important gene
if you're male obviously when it comes
to packing on size if you take any drugs
that block the engineering receptor or
if you're born with a mutation
right where you have maybe long repeat
so you don't have a very sensitive
energy and receptor you are [ __ ] go
find another career you can still work
out you're still going to make a little
bit of gains right because your body's
still going to try to you know uh give
you some gains through the estrogen
receptor beta you know like this one you
know things like that your body can
still find other ways but
don't even try to go into bodybuilding
or you know you know or to compete
because as an addie
your gains are gonna suck and even when
you get enhanced when you start hopping
on steroids because you want to be jacob
or ronnie coleman your games are going
to suck the energy receptor is at the b
in fact i'm going to make a whole
separate video on androgen receptor i
have in the past but youtube does not
recommend the old video so i'm going to
make a new one but hopefully you have
the good version and the good
polymorphisms or the energetic receptor
gene right ideally you have short
repeats the downside is
um first let's look at the good side
yeah you're gonna put on muscle fast
because again androgen receptor is a dna
transcription factor right for the
nerves out there you guys know what i'm
talking about the other guys long story
short that's what kickstarts the muscle
growth process right you cannot have hem
toe activity you cannot have rna
translation if you do not have dna
transcription
that's when your body goes to the dna
goes to your genes and copy the genetic
material so that it can paste it right
so if your androgen receptor is [ __ ] a
lot of your hypertrophy pathways even
even your ability to control myostatin
is going to be inhibited
right because the engineering receptor
helps your body produce fat inside and
blah blah blah let's see i'm going to
make a video about that to go into
details but please pray to [ __ ] zeus
that you have the good version of the
androgen receptor right
everything revolves around the ar psalms
testosterone dht
whatever the [ __ ] you take even if
you're naughty and to make it worse you
only have one copy of this [ __ ]
if you're a boy you only have one copy
of this gene so if it's bad you are
[ __ ] all right by the way guys i hope
this video helps sorry it went on for
too long
you guys know i'm a nerd about topics
like that i could i could talk for an
hour about hypertrophy i love this [ __ ]
jeans blah blah blah but anyway i hope
this video helps guys um i might make a
part two depending on how interested you
guys were in this one
to cover the rest of the genes that
um play a role in hypertrophy but until
then guys see you in the comment section
i'm out all right guys don't forget to
like or share the video subscribe and
hit the bell and buy my hsb nucleus of a
little training program it's the
ultimate program for maximum muscle
growth it includes full body workout
splits bro splits push-pull
home workouts you name it also comes
with a complete guide for macros
nutrition fat loss muscle growth
hormones
including a meal plan it's pretty much
all my 16 years of experience
condensed into one [ __ ] book you're
also going to get free copies of any
future edition so visit team3d alpha.com
and you can use the 40 off coupon code
nucleus overload or you could just buy
this [ __ ] at full price all right guys
i'm out of here
