hey what's going on megan here top tier
tuesday so we're going to do something a
little different here we're going to
look at the different genetics
in bodybuilding and see where you fall
in right see which category you fall in
as far as your response to muscle growth
right because remember there are five
different categories that
99.99 percent of the population falls in
when it comes when it comes to building
muscle you can
randomly pick 20 people put them on the
exact same training program on the exact
same [ __ ] steroid protocol the exact
same nutrition protocol and you're going
to see different results depending on
which of these categories they're
falling right remember guys anything
that's
related to athleticism or sports or
whatever including building muscle is
about 66 percent genetics
right your environment how hard you
train all the other [ __ ] that's only 40
to 30 percent of the equation
your parents
and if you're a guy especially your
mother pretty much decides how good your
genetics so i'm going to explain why
later now why is it important to know
this right simple
all of the [ __ ] in the fitness
industry as far as all the shitty advice
and all that stuff mainly comes from the
people at the very very top levels right
the guys who just build muscle from
watching other people train you know
guys that go up the stairs and build
their cars you know what i'm talking
about and the problem with that is
that they dominate the fitness industry
so much
that the shitty advice spreads faster
than the good advice also depending on
which category you fall in your
programming might need to change the
amount of volume you do the amount of
frequency you do uh your nutritional
intake how discipline you're gonna have
to be with macros and calories and
things like that right so depending on
which category you fall in
this journey is gonna be easier or a lot
harder so it's very important to know
where you fall in and
where the people you're getting advice
from also fall in because what works for
them is not necessarily going to work
for you
right so let's take a look at each
category right so let's start with the
low responders right these are the
people who struggle to put on muscle
right they're still gonna put on muscle
don't get me wrong it doesn't matter how
good about your genetics are you still
gonna put a muscle the only thing that
changes is how discipline you're gonna
have to be
how much attention you're gonna have to
pay to detail and how long it's gonna
take for you to maximize your genetic
potential right at the end of the day
whether you have [ __ ] genetics or great
genetics you're still going to build a
great physique it's just going to take
you a lot longer and it's going to be a
lot harder if you have genetics right so
the low responders are here these are
the guys who need based on the studies
these are guys who need a ton of volume
to grow right
the basic three sets or once or twice a
week is not going to cut it right if you
look at the research on volume the low
responders
need a lot of volume
they obviously also have to be extremely
disciplined with nutrition caloric
intake protein intake all of that right
because they have very low baseline
muscle protein synthesis and they also
have a low muscle protein sensitive
response even after training so if you
fall in this category most of the advice
out there is not gonna work for you you
have to be extremely meticulous with
everything
next you have the normal responders
right that's the average joe right
that's the average guy
again you don't have an amazing response
to training but you also don't have a
[ __ ] response you just grow at the
normal rate both in the beginner stage
and in the advanced stage most people
fall here right a big percentage of the
population are here
next you have the super responders right
those are the guys who pretty much
dominate the youtube fitness industry
the guys will dominate uh instagram and
all that stuff right these are the guys
who put on muscle extremely fast and you
can see it in their before and after
picture right it's funny because they
don't even realize that gifted or
they'll show that before after picture
and you're like wait like your before
picture looks better than 90 of people
two years after lifting right so these
guys fall here some of them give good
advice but that's a very small
percentage right the vast majority of
them give shitty advice because again
everything works for them these are the
oh just go to the gym and progressively
overload and you'll be fine
[ __ ] i can't stand these guys
they have no clue what the [ __ ] they're
talking about because they have no
knowledge of genetics or muscle growth
on a molecular level right only a very
small percentage of these guys actually
know what the [ __ ] they're talking about
next you have the hyper responders these
are the guys who build muscle
extremely fast extremely fast their
before picture looks like your after
picture after 10 years of lifting these
are the guys i'm talking about right
these are the guys who tend to be ifbb
pros usually in the top 10 top 15 these
are the guys you know again guys like
the ride guys who blow up on steroids
you know after just a few cycles these
are the guys who open the fridge and get
jacked these other guys will [ __ ] get
a pump from taking notes on a piece of
paper right and in the scientific
literature these guys response to
training is ridiculous right in about
eight weeks of training they could put
on just as much muscle as the average
person puts in months
and when they hop on steroids it's a
completely different
ball game
last but not least you have the [ __ ]
legends these are the ronnie colemans of
the world the jake god loves the big
grammy uh the dorian yates these are the
guys who plays top five at the mr
olympia not top 10 top five right these
guys should not even be on the [ __ ]
chart right these are the guys that when
god made he pretty much said let there
be gains their muscle building potential
is
unreal these guys can take extremely low
doses of steroids and still blow
everybody out of the water they have
extremely sensitive androgen receptors
which is again why they blow up so fast
on testosterone they have a [ __ ] on a
baseline myonuclei and satellite cells
the vast majority of them have myostatin
deficiencies
all mutations in the rgf1 pathway they
have a higher proportion of fast switch
muscles compared to the slow-twitch
muscles that's why if you notice a lot
of them used to play football and
explosive sports before they join
bodybuilding
and obviously they have a lot of
favorable uh phenotypes such as actin
and three ace things like that right so
you have the [ __ ] legends the hyper
responders the super responders the
normal responders and the low responders
the problem is most people down here are
taking advice from these guys
and thinking it's going to translate
over to them right you are not in this
category
yes the laws of training are the same
you still have to live you still have to
eat you still have to sleep but the
people down here you guys have to be a
lot more disciplined and you have to
train a lot harder mainly through volume
frequency
full body workouts you name it and
obviously you got the guys up there who
could do any split they want train the
muscle once a week half fast at calories
half fast their sleep and still grow
but anyway guys that's it these are the
top five categories try to figure out
where you fall in chances are you're
gonna be somewhere down here right and
be very careful when you're getting
advice from people up here right and
again it's not their fault they're not
up there to mislead you it's just
everything works for them so it's very
hard for them to know what it's like to
build muscle as a low responder or a
normal responder but anyway i could
expand more on this and go over
different studies if you want so if you
have any questions about the genetic
response to training
comment below alright i'm out of here
all right guys don't forget to like or
share the video subscribe and hit the
bell and buy my hsp nucleus of a little
training program it's the ultimate
program for maximum muscle growth it
includes full body workout splits bro
splits push-pull
home workouts you name it also comes
with a complete guide for macros
nutrition fat loss muscle growth
hormones including a meal plan it's
pretty much all my 16 years of
experience
condensed into one [ __ ] book you're
also going to get free copies of any
future edition so visit team3d alpha.com
and you can use the 40 off coupon code
nucleus overlord or you could just buy
this [ __ ] at full price alright guys i'm
outta here
