hey guys going on meeting here so you
guys have voted you clicked on the link
and you decided
I think first place was was best
bodybuilding muscles of all time so
that's what I'm gonna start with if you
haven't voted I'm gonna put the link in
the description but pretty much I
decided to have either don't use their
Thursday just off-topic videos you know
just interact with my subscribers
you know favorite you know different
topics you know favorite muscles of all
time favorite movies video games
whatever I just stuff to just cool down
relax get away from you know the
exercise science stuff so this is a
tailless I put together I couldn't find
one online I had to make one myself and
I looked at the top 13 bodybuilding
muscles right and which one's my
favorite and that's just my opinion
right and I put a here's the criteria
that I'm using right at the top you got
[ __ ] boss nothing beats it second you
got great third you got nice to have and
fall if you got who the [ __ ] cares
anything this is a hundred percent just
my opinion guys none of us are gonna be
doing shows and [ __ ] right so not every
muscle [ __ ] arm has the same
importance so anyway so I'm gonna get
straight to it and at the end of the
video again I'm gonna put this tier list
online for everybody to use right so you
can just go online and make your own
chair list or you could use this
tailless and just let me know
you know what yours look like in fact if
you complete yours just put it in a
description I mean put in the comment
section so I could see what everybody's
thing is but anyway let's start let's go
from left to right so traps you guys if
you've been keeping watching my channel
for a long time since day one you know
that's the body put on the most obsessed
but I still relate to this day that is
the most powerful looking body part
period [ __ ] boss so I'm gonna put
that up here [ __ ] boss right to me is
the best body building
right because for so many reasons one
again you guys on a big trampoline herd
so that's what got me into bodybuilding
right just seemed broadly and super
Vegeta and orders take Dragon Ball Z
physiques and traps was always like
knocking neck and traps were always the
body post and I was like holy [ __ ] well
somebody has big traps you know they
work out you know that lives hard you
know every other muscle is relatively
easy to get but traps now you could walk
in a gym right now you see somebody with
nice arms a nice chest nice bag nice
legs
but rarely would you walk into a gym and
she half what a [ __ ] they were
big traps unless down the juice of
course so that to me that's number one
right shoulders shoulders singing my my
man Kevin Love Ronnie I'm gonna put that
ad I'm gonna put that a great man if you
have great shoulders I mean like I
rather just have no arms no chest no
back you know no lags but if you got
great set of shoulders you just look
[ __ ] amazing you know and again that's
just my opinion you know and of course
Kevin Leone has some of the best
shoulders ever so I will put shoulders
right here they're also very hard to
develop I like body parts that are hard
to develop that's one thing I noticed
too so my favorite body parts are body
parts are hard to develop and sure this
is definitely hard to develop OCS I'm
gonna put that here Chasse to be honest
a lot of my opinion on my favorite body
part change over the years I when I
first started working out again it was
always like you know like traps on the
chest like everybody else chest and arms
but over time I really stopped caring
about my chest you know again I should
be obsessed what I should do nuclear
silver low and if I got trained my chest
more than I train every other body part
even one of my traps because um unlike
my traps that were limited so like my
lower back you know that you guys know I
got a bad lower back so I could really
you know transcribes heavy but my chest
I was able to train it like every
[ __ ] day all the time just don't push
ups um but uh once I got it to grow out
really stop caring so I'm gonna put
chest and nice-to-have is just something
that's nice to have but I don't
put in the top two triceps triceps I
would put traps I said great you gotta
have some sick triceps man in fact again
I liked rice was more than I liked chest
you know somebody was nice and by the
way this Wally Winkler which I still
think has the best triceps ever but he
had triceps in my opinion up there you
know with shoulders as far as these are
the muscles that are just [ __ ] great
biceps to be honest man I'm also gonna
put biceps in like nice to have you know
it's just someone so I just don't care
much about again when I first started
working out years ago I was all about
chest and on chest and on yes I was
doing little soloed on my bicep so after
a while you're like man
everybody has biceps like it's not a
muscle that's hard to develop you know
so I don't care much about biceps
anymore absolutely honest who the [ __ ]
cares you know again abs are so
overrated and I remember you know
growing up as a fat kid I was like
alright I want to have as I want to have
abs and once i got abs and you guys
could see my old videos where at one
point you know like my abs were like my
best body part you know cuz I would
literally again I would do new clothes a
little arrows keep my abs flex all day
long and I will train them indirectly
through Sprint's and pull ups and squats
and ab workouts once I got my ABS to be
honest I didn't give a [ __ ] I was like
yeah
first I had to be super scrawny right I
had to give up so much size to have my
abs and once I would put a shirt on it
was like what the [ __ ] you know I once
you have abs especially if you had
skinny fat genetics like me and you get
to a point where you only like 260 on
just too many pounds you have this on
when you put a shirt on it's like what
the [ __ ] you don't even look like you
lift you know and I hated I hated every
you know every aspect of course when I
took my shirt off and I was at the pool
at the beach I was like yeah yeah I got
a nice abs but come on guys like nobody
what's wrong with the [ __ ] shorts off
most of the time so to me it was just it
wasn't worth the work I had to put into
getting it you know um so yeah so ABS
not as I don't give a [ __ ] like who the
[ __ ] cares
you know it's overrated lats last I'm
gonna put lats are nice to have
right it's nice to have some what
that's again like I said a penny a
chance so much over the years because I
saw also love just last you know I mean
everywhere I went every state I lived in
I always had a pull-up bar I still do
and I should pull ups every day you know
and I got my back why this [ __ ] and I
was like ah you know like when you got a
wild lights you can only see that when
you Fleur now again nobody walks around
with their arms [ __ ] to the side
saying hey look at my last most of the
time when you're just standing relaxed
you can't even tell it you got a white
back so again it's the most uh that's
nice to have I'm not I'm not [ __ ]
crazy about it oh this part right here I
gotta put this that great right and this
is wrong boys right wrong boys made
traps pretty much just back thickness
all right so the mid trap area wrong
boys lower traps to me yeah this is this
gotta be up there with great right
having to take back it's just so [ __ ]
impressive you know I might even put in
a [ __ ] boss but you know it is you
know traps gotta stay up there I don't
know what just like that power look man
I mean these are muscles that are hard
to develop you know it's not easy to
have a back you know thick take back and
think wrong boys you know quads again
quads it's gonna anchor some people man
but um you know what nice to have I'm
putting that out yeah I'm gonna put
quite a nice to have he's almost got a
nice to have but again they're very
they're very close to who the [ __ ] cares
right it's just it's just an impressive
muscle that if you have a big flaring
quads like pick right me it's like okay
nice legs but I think I'm not so crazy
about it
calves are that's definitely ain't gonna
anger some people who the [ __ ] cares
maybes because I was African and we have
some of the worst cab genetics in the
world but to be honest I wasn't have
obsessed with cabs man never like I mean
if you even if you search to my video I
probably only have like one or two
videos on cast I honestly don't give a
[ __ ] about cast and also they're not
most of that again unless you
genetically [ __ ] like West Africans
they're not muscles that are like [ __ ]
hard to develop for most other people
for example like I have friends would
never [ __ ] train legs
and half-baked gasps I have fat friends
who just got cash from being fat and I
have a lot of Asian friends who just
have monstrous calves and they're never
even they're barely even [ __ ] you
know playing sports you know just
genetics right so I'm not a big fan of
muscles that are just easier to have
like you will never walk in a street and
see a guy who just has to take [ __ ]
tribes and he's like yeah I never did
anything I was just born like that
that's so [ __ ] rare but you could
meet a lot of people who never trained
calves in our labs I have big gaps so
[ __ ] calves maybe maybe I'm just bitter
because I got shitty cabbage and attics
but I don't say I don't care like I
don't even train cash you know even when
I was doing the Okaloosa below to start
bringing up like and body parts I
skipped caps I was like man I tried
doing this like a week I was admitted
[ __ ] it's boring as [ __ ] I don't care so
yeah I'm team little calves but really I
honestly don't care if I if I cared
enough I could definitely bring them up
you could use a lot of weight a stress
protocols and things like that but again
like I said I really don't care
another one is hamstrings who the [ __ ]
cares guys nobody nobody walks in a gym
and it's like holy [ __ ] look at this guy
his hamstrings right nobody [ __ ]
cares about hamstrings again if you're a
bodybuilder of course you know every
every muscle is important to be honest
even when I program HSP workouts for
clients I only put those muscles there
just to prevent imbalances and to
prevent injury so I put like I do some
hamstring workouts you know just to you
know to prevent injuries right just to
stay balanced but to be honest I don't I
don't give him the same volume as I
would give the other muscles cause
that's unless you're competing for show
who the [ __ ] cares about him screams all
right forearms if people are gonna hate
this video but again I said it's my
opinion who the [ __ ] cares right I don't
give a [ __ ] about forearms in fact I
like my forearms small they remind me
how skinny I should be in and make my
home look bigger right when you have big
bites with big biceps and okay looking
for almost people could actually see how
skinny if you look at my four homes you
could see how skinny I see me but yeah
big forearms in my opinion to take away
from the size of your biceps and triceps
and also if you have to take for arms
and you better have a calf that's that
[ __ ] look stupid as [ __ ] but again girls
like guys with big forearm so you know
if you guys see one of those guys that
works out for girls and you might you
might you know you might want to train
those I'm the opposite like I trained
for me yes of course when I got into
bodybuilding as a kid you know and we
all we all started lifting of girls but
I've been doing this [ __ ] for a while
you just start to live for yourself for
example girls hate traps most girls hate
the idea of just big traps but I don't
give a [ __ ] I train for me but uh but
yes so lastly ah man again you guys know
where this was going
again you watch much on the Fallen side
you know what this is going bucking boss
if you have a thing by the way this is
uh you guys remember I mean unless he
like [ __ ] 10 years old Takeo Spikes
former linebacker huge [ __ ] neck I
think heaven take naked traps is the
most alpha look period and I've been
saying it since I started the channel
2011 like it will never change the
broadly physique broadly from Dragon
Ball Z has to have take naked dick traps
I'm so I'm putting I'm putting those two
at the top and coincidentally that was
sort of muscles that I thought I'm the
weakest at all right neck I remember
back in 2012-2013 I bought a neck
harness and I was doing like a budget
you know neck workouts at home trying to
get a thick neck and thick traps but I
just was just such a boring muscle to
train so I didn't want to do the left
and the right portions of the movements
and I ended up creating imbalances which
made its oil for me to fall asleep like
I had constant pains of my neck trying
to fall asleep and I was like man [ __ ]
this [ __ ] it's not worth it you know
like it's bad enough I'm an insomniac
and I'm not gonna [ __ ] up my sleep even
further and that's just me being lazy I
didn't want to do the left and the right
side you know three sets five sets to be
the only fun part expanding neck is the
deflection you know if you don't flexion
that's fun but everything else extension
on exercise just [ __ ] boring but I
say guys that's my list ranking the best
bodybuilding muscles body parts in my
opinion you know
the type you have traps and neck and I
can't wait till I could do traps heavy
again guys if you watch my videos you
know what happened with me and my lower
back and I was obsessed with rock pools
and that list once I found out the rock
was like the best thing for tribes and
blah blah blah and I snapped my [ __ ] up
because you know I was suing patient I
didn't want to warm up you know if you
guys know raccoons you really strong at
rock pools so you can doom your first
time and pull a ton away so I didn't
want to go through the warm-up process
even know how to deadlift injury and I
would my mom went to the gym snap my
[ __ ] up I just escaped vision you got to
put one plate into place and three place
the full place then at five places when
you start going into your working sense
and I said hate that so I went in one
day and I just put like you know what
man [ __ ] this one with [ __ ] I went
straight to five plates then six and
seven and my back just was like boom so
since then I've never been able to do
rifles again or bent over rows any of
that sort and it's been very very tough
stepping on my traps because of that
because once your traps are used to
rifles it's very hard to make them grow
up with like you know less weight or
higher raps but I'm not gonna give up
anyway so that's the guys that's my
territory list let me know what yours is
you could comment below or you can go to
this website and just create one
yourself and then post a snapshot of
like the pictures or something like that
alright hope this video was fun again
I'm gonna try to make more of these
probably on Tuesday and Thursdays you
know I'm gonna call it like tearless
Tuesday till this Thursday but vote
below and let me know what you guys want
me to do next
as far as those cheer let's go there's a
lot of topics just below alright guys
Team 3d alpha see you in the comment
section hate me for coaching and HSP
training programs peace
