Meg here continuing the series on
testosterone how thees sex hormone biing
globulin affected tatone levels in a
negative way obviously so again watch my
Prim video on how tatone works you know
how it's release and things like that um
long story
short only 2% of your tone is active a
lot of you guys know this 98% of this in
your body cannot do jack [ __ ] right it's
attached to uh proteins like alamin and
sexon Bing globulin which stops it from
bonding to The receptors you know
remember your hormones cannot land on
the receptors and form a new complex
they cannot get the effects across right
so believe it or not a lot of people
don't don't realize this but all the
effects of testosterone that you witness
in your body increase body fat uh uh
oxidation increase muscle mass increase
mood greater energy greater uh blood Su
count increased appetite increased
aggression and desire to take risk all
these benefits of the
Sone can only uh happen if theone is in
this free form right and that's 2% of
your body testosterone 2% right isn't it
amazing all of these things are only
being caused by 2% of your body's
testosterone that is the equivalent of a
drop of water in an olympic side
swimming pool right can you
imagine if you just double that if 4% of
your body stone is free [ __ ] crazy
right the body no tone is so powerful
that it has ways to actually like
limited so uh again it is very important
to not just increase your total
testoserone but also increase the amount
of free testoserone because somebody who
has low total testosterone but High free
testosterone is going to have a lot more
anabolic effects than somebody who has
high total testosterone but very low
free testosterone so it's all about free
so now the question is how do I uh make
more of my testosterone free how do I
Liberate the [ __ ] lower sex
hormone Bing globulin and that's his
name sex hormone right the start on
androgens binding globulin globulin that
binds to the sex hormones there are many
ways to lower this [ __ ] right
obviously you know this the you know
take zinc take some you vitamins
minerals but the main way is number one
insulin right so you got to make sure
you're eating enough carbs um that's
what's going to happen by you know with
a high protein diet but get your CS you
know get your Cubs don't neglect your
carbohydrates carbohyd are not evil if
you know how to use them right you know
if you insulin resistant then try to
cycle them you know or try to uh
increase uh you know glute tee through
car backloading or things like that so
insulin reduces 6 bodying globulin and
um again like I mentioned
carbs
uh I don't want to go into the details
because I already mentioned that in in
the in the previous videos but I want
you guys to focus on those type two
things you know that's that's what's
going to give you the quickest effect on
sex body globulin um that's also why
people that go on low car diets
experience a huge drop in testosterone
levels even when the calories are equal
I keep telling you guys it's not all
about calories it's about hormone
manipulation you know two people can
have the exact same uh caloric intake
but have drastic differences in their
hormones simply because of those tiny
tweaks all right so I hope that explains
the importance of lowering sex homon
bodying globulin it frees
testosterone all right guys hope this
helps if I forgot anything comment below
you know uh if you have questions for
the next videos also comment that if
you're new subscribe [ __ ] with Team 3D
like the video and stay tuned for the
next one all right Dom
