hey guys what's going on megan here
energy is everything if you feel like
[ __ ] you're never gonna get stuff done
right it sounds basic it sounds simple
but you cannot underestimate how
important waking up in the morning with
maximum energy is
right i don't care how good your
training program is how good your meal
plan is how good your daily routine is
if you wake up in the morning and you
feel like [ __ ] chances are the rest of
your day is going to be [ __ ] you're
going to have a hard time with
motivation hard time we're getting [ __ ]
done a hard time training hard in the
gym so it is imperative that you wake up
every morning with maximum energy watch
part one we looked at the top ten
food related food and supplement related
ways to maximize energy levels in this
episode we're gonna focus on lifestyle
factors right no one should wake up in
the morning feeling like [ __ ] in fact
one of the number one reasons why people
give up and hop on trt is because they
feel like [ __ ] all the time right you'll
be surprised a lot of people on trt are
not even on because of muscle building
or fat loss right they get on because
they just want to feel better right and
it's a shame that you guys are skipping
the basics and going straight over to
the steroid route right
focus on the basics first all right
let's get started we're going to use the
basic team 3d alpha chair list i'm about
to not best of the best all the way down
to pure garbage all right let's pick in
my random number one obviously lifting
waste again i'm gonna put that out okay
right going to the gym believe it or not
no i know it's a trick in that thing
because you need energy to go to the gym
but also going to the gym and lifting
heavy weights is going to increase your
energy levels but trust me nothing wakes
you up more than putting a heavy ass
weight on your back and squatting for
reps right
it doesn't have to be squats could be
heavy bench heavy dips pull-ups doesn't
matter right lifting some heavy-ass
weights is gonna wake you the [ __ ] up
give you instant energy which is another
reason why i recommend training early in
the morning as opposed to the you know
to the evening especially if you work
you have a busy day go in the morning
it's going to wake you the [ __ ] up spike
your dopamine increase the blood flow to
the brain increase your nerve adrenaline
increase your adrenaline and you're
going to get a ton of endorphins right
so lifting weights in the morning
very few things beat it next getting
sunlight again i'm also gonna put out
okay very underrated people really
really underestimate the importance of
sunlight and vitamin d i made a whole
video about that about a year and a half
ago check it out uh it's called sunlight
it's anabolic something like that but
you'll be amazed not just through
vitamin d but all the different effects
that just absorbing sunlight for at
least 20 minutes a day again it you know
depends on the color your skin the
darker you are you need more sunlight
but amazing benefits for your mood your
energy levels or even your serotonin
production right it's another reason why
i do in the winter a lot of people are
depressed as [ __ ] right not enough
sunlight same thing with higher
latitudes you know northern latitudes
people are always depressed all right
because a big part of your melatonin
serotonin pathway is uh affected by
sunlight which brings us here to [ __ ]
amazing
boom going for a walk right if you can
combine these two meaning going for a
walk around the time of the day when the
sun the uvb rays are just booming so
usually anytime between 10 a.m and 2 p.m
great i mean again you don't have to
combine the two but if you can that's
two birds with one stone but going for a
walk is gonna maximize blood flow to
your brain remember guys increasing your
energy levels is basically two things
right it's a lot of stuff of course but
it's mainly two things increasing blood
flow to the brain and obviously
maximizing your dopamine pathways right
so increasing dopamine and adrenaline
and obviously adrenaline as well right
and you get all of that where just going
for a walk right 20 minute walk it
doesn't have to be a run just get up in
the morning right if it's hot take off
your shirt and go for a walk right if
you're in the city or you're fat as [ __ ]
you don't take off your shirt that's
fine but just go for a brisk 20 minute
walk and you would be amazed uh how high
your energy levels would be when you
come back and i know once again chicken
and egg right so people say well i need
energy to go for my walk trust me
even if you feel like [ __ ] just going
for that walk is going to make you feel
ten times better not to mention you know
all the other benefits of just walking
right we're too sedentary guys we are
too sedentary into the society we sit
all day a lot of you [ __ ] play
video games all day you're not moving
and you wonder why you feel like [ __ ]
right you barely have any blood flow or
optimum blood circulation right get
moving and again it doesn't have to be a
long walk could be just 20 minutes so
going for a walk 20 minutes you can
combine it with you know absorbing sun
at the same time even better next sleep
you got you guys already know i'm about
to not category right you guys know on
this channel i do not play with sleep
right this is something that would never
change the og subs you know you've been
subscribed to this channel for over 10
years you know i'm never going to go
back on sleep right i have a whole video
on that check it out all the benefits of
sleep whatever when it comes to muscle
building
motivation energy fat loss strength
anything that you want to do as far as
fitness or just improving yourself is
going to revolve around sleep a lot of
your [ __ ] are sleeping seven
six five hours a day and you wonder why
you feel like [ __ ] the bare minimum is
eight for somebody who's working out
lifting weights or has a job or has a
stressful life the bare minimum is eight
right that's not the goal keep in mind i
said the bare minimum meaning if you're
getting eight hours of sleep that's just
you barely there right try to get nine
to ten if possible especially if you're
lifting weights right because you guys
guys working out is a stressor
especially if you're doing full body
workouts nucleus overload hive weekly
volume high frequency what the [ __ ] guys
you cannot expect to recover from all
that while sleeping seven six hours so
again you want to feel amazing in the
morning get some good night's sleep go
to bed early turn off the lights like i
said watch my video on sleep next
listening to music [ __ ] amazing right
it's so underrated once again people
like to just skip to drugs skip to the
hot new supplement when the basics work
so well i have different playlists for
different moods right if i want to feel
amazing i have a whole playlist called
energy it's literally called energy
right and i put all of my songs with uh
high bpm's right high beats per minute
right obviously the more energy you want
make sure that it's so high bpm
so i don't care what it is i don't care
if it's rap i don't get fists rock music
uh you name it you guys know my music
tastes as weird as that i listen to
everything right but that playlist
that's called energy i only put
the songs that make me go super saiyan
and and it's so random i have disturbed
on there i have [ __ ] night wish i
have rap i have
you name it right i don't care what the
song is what the drama as long as it
gets my heart pumping some days i wake
up feel like [ __ ] boom press the music
right shuffle that [ __ ]
next you know i'm up doing ups the
nucleus overload you name it don't
underestimate the power music when it
comes to increasing your energy
next cold shower i'm about to not oh my
god
oh my god guys
you want a quick burst of energy you
want to go from feeling like [ __ ] to
feeling like a king in like less than a
minute hop into a cold shower and i know
i made a video about that years ago in
fact there's a video where i hopped in a
cold shower and i was screaming like a
little [ __ ]
but guys
you don't even need to be in there for a
minute it could be just be 30 seconds of
very cold shower in the morning it will
wake you up for the rest of the [ __ ]
day in fact this is like a nuclear bomb
so i only use that when i really really
really need energy
right because trust me this will get the
job done more than everything else on
this list your adrenaline levels are
going to go through the roof your brown
fat is going to activate i mean you're
just going to come out of that shower
feeling like a god but be careful it's
very [ __ ] painful so this is my
secret weapon right here next yoga right
so i put dawson from street fighter here
right again if you don't do yoga same
thing stretching and meditating right
i'm gonna put that [ __ ] amazing right
guys you're gonna feel great uh you only
need about 20 25 minutes in fact if you
want to do it for just 10 minutes that's
fine meditate and stretch meditate and
stretch that combination is gonna
revitalize you like a [ __ ] all
right you gotta sleep on yoga i know you
know everyone thinks it's feminine and
all that [ __ ] guys [ __ ] off right do
some goddamn yoga you'll thank me for it
later stretch your legs stretch your
back stretch your your
your neck your traps every part of your
body again you're gonna increase blood
flow
increase dopamine release endorphins and
you're gonna feel amazing your whole
daily routine should incorporate all
these methods anyway next beating your
output beating your meat at pure garbage
right so obviously you know fat right
watch my video on nofap you guys know my
my view on steven return all that [ __ ]
do not beat your meat in the morning
right during the day is the worst time
to beat your meat right you guys know my
again you guys know my viewing no father
i believe you should do it at night you
should beat your me at night i don't
give a [ __ ] what nobody says one of the
best ways to get a good night's sleep if
you have your girls just clap cheeks
um but if not be your meat go to bed
that [ __ ] would knock you the [ __ ] out
and allow you to sleep like a [ __ ]
baby but in the morning that's the last
thing you want to do you cannot beat
your meat in the morning guys to be
honest i try to even avoid sex in the
morning right it doesn't matter how
horny i am because
sexual drive which is coming up next
soon sexual energy is one of the most
motivating things especially if you're
male guys remember we conquered the
world because of our sex drive men built
empires won wars
because the reward was some [ __ ] ass
all right you want to motivate a man put
percy in his face so beating your meat
in the morning is gonna wipe that out
you pretty much giving yourself the
reward that's what you beat me in the
morning you guys know this you feel like
[ __ ] for the rest of the day your polite
thing goes up again watch my video fab i
explain the size and everything but
avoid beating your meat in the morning
all doing today wait until you're done
with your daily routine wait until
you're done conquering the day and after
that do whatever you want same thing
applies to sex i try my best to avoid
sex in the morning i only clap my
girlfriend cheeks after the gym after my
daily routine after i'm done with doing
all the important [ __ ] and that brings
us down to this one right
have a sex life guys i can't
believe how many of you [ __ ]
don't have a sex life right that should
be one of your number one priority
everything that makes you better as a
male revolves around having a healthy
sex life it's gonna
guarantee that you active that you
exercise that you go you know you
socialize i mean everything
that makes you improve as a male gets a
boost if you have a sex life right you
can't stay at home all day playing video
games right that's not living especially
again once again especially if you're a
guy it is one of the most motivational
forces
for men all across the world have a sex
life or you know surround yourself with
women or just put yourself in a
situation uh where you're constantly
surrounded by beautiful women trust me
nothing will wake you up more than this
[ __ ] right you told me oh i have low
energy i have a low energy guys think
about it you can do the experiment you
know how many times you're in the gym
you feel like [ __ ] you don't want to uh
you know lift weights or you want to
quit and then a fine [ __ ] walks in and
then out of nowhere you turn super
saiyan and you start hitting pr's and
[ __ ] i haven't made a video about that
the study that they've done when the
guys were uh were showing hot women
before lifting and the three rep max
went through the [ __ ] roof right they
started breaking pr's and [ __ ] why do
you think that is we are extremely horny
individuals and it's not a bad thing i
hate that society tries to make it seem
like a bad thing no that's what makes
the world go around we stop clapping
cheeks the human race dies in less than
a hundred years right humans will go
extinct if men will not honey right so
don't give me that [ __ ] our sex
drive makes the world go around you guys
know i'm a history nerd i can't i can't
even begin to explain all the
achievements and all the
uh other great things that men have come
up with in an attempt to find a mate so
use that as a source of energy use that
as a motivational force to get [ __ ] done
right so go out and about put yourself
in situations where you're always going
to be surrounded by beautiful women
thank me later and last but not least
right again i'm about to not make sure
your testosterone levels are optimized
you guys know on this channel year after
year i stress the importance of
maximizing your natural testosterone
levels keyword natural testosterone
levels if your t levels are trash you
gonna feel like [ __ ] testosterone is
evolved in way too many pathways that
regulate your mood and how you feel your
serotonin powerful your dopamine pathway
increasing your beta adrenergic
receptors increasing your dopaminers
borders i mean you name it right
lowering the threshold needed for your
neurons to activate i could go on and on
that's why when you were a teenager you
felt like superman right going through
puberty you guys know what i'm talking
about we're going to puberty we felt
like kings all the time why
insanely high testosterone levels right
so make sure you're in a healthy range i
already have a video on all the things
you can do to naturally increase
testosterone levels so check that one
out but that's it guys that's the list
this is how you maximize your energy
levels as a male and obviously this
applies to women as well with some minor
exceptions right so hope this video
helps don't forget to join the reddit
the link is in the description see you
guys in the comment section alright guys
don't forget to like or share the video
subscribe and hit the bell and buy my
hsp nucleus of a little training program
it's the ultimate program for maximum
muscle growth it includes full body
workout splits bro splits push-pull home
workouts you name it also comes with a
complete guide for macros nutrition fat
loss muscle growth hormones
including a meal plan it's pretty much
all my 16 years of experience
condensed into one [ __ ] book you're
also going to get free copies of any
future edition so visit team3d alpha.com
and you can use the 40 off coupon code
nucleus overload or you could just buy
this [ __ ] at full price all right guys
i'm out of here
