so that's not what you should be looking
for chicks right especially if you're
ugly [ __ ] right
hey how's going on Megan here all right
today's sex so Saturday so I'm answering
questions on the Reddit related to cheat
clapping and dating and all that stuff
so let's search for dating and cheat
clapping all right so the question is uh
social media teenagers doesn't work at
all my in-person game is decent I can
make great conversation I'm confident in
myself and I'm on my purpose as a dude
with average looks but I can't find
[ __ ] to talk to where do I go I love
people who talk so honestly uh but I
already answered this hold on let me
thumb this up
um I already answered this here uh let
me read that real quick most girls that
will actually give up their cheeks will
not be found in random public places or
even online parentheses with rare
exceptions they'll find at work
University or through friends of friends
Etc most women are scared of creeps so
no matter how good you look they'll have
a hard time trusting you unless they
know someone you know unless they know
that you're a social person with lots of
friends so look for girls that work your
college campus organizations you're part
of or women that your friends know so
let's make sure guys if you guys are
playing this Tinder bumble [ __ ] right
that everybody's doing lately you guys
already playing a losing game unless
you're extremely good looking which
let's be honest most of us are not
unless you're extremely tall extremely
good looking you are wasting your
[ __ ] time man right because again
watch my video on when I covered the
three s's so uh the the top three things
that women look for in men right which
is security status and sexiness if you
look it online on Tinder and all that
[ __ ] the only thing that you can really
show and Market is the sexiness part
right they can't see and keep reminding
sex in this course that's only that's
only the third thing that they look
forward it's not even number one on the
on the list number one is Security
Financial and physical number two is
social status and number three sections
so if you restricting yourself to online
dating you are [ __ ] you are [ __ ]
because now you're gonna get out
competed by the handsome [ __ ] child
looking [ __ ] right so the 80 20
rule is going to kick in and you're
gonna be left in the dust so that's not
what you should be looking for chicks
right especially if you're ugly [ __ ]
right because if you're ugly dude like I
mentioned in the previous video you'll
only hope is to overcomposite in the
security part and in the status part and
you can only display those qualities in
public although the cheeks are clapped
in my [ __ ] lifetime there's no way in
hell I would have [ __ ] those girls
online if I was trying to use 10 or
whatever why could they would have
something be like wait what you five
seven five eight big ass nose man [ __ ]
off right the reason I was able to clap
Cheeks is because I was able to leverage
the fact that I was high enough in
status at the time
right and keep in mind I'm talking about
just average popularity you know I
wasn't super [ __ ] popular you don't
have to be super popular when I say high
in social status I simply mean high
enough meaning not at the bottom of the
hierarchy lots of friends very social
person whatever right women love that
[ __ ] guys a woman would pick a guy who's
four out of 10 in attractiveness meaning
you're ugly below average right but has
lots of friends very popular very social
very extroverted very assertive as
opposed to a guy who's eight out of 10
but is a creep a loner and is you know
always super [ __ ] introverted Super
Meat doesn't know how to [ __ ] carry
himself has no confidence right you
gotta understand how women think guys
it's not just all about looks if that
was the case people like me would be
[ __ ] but would never get [ __ ] and
trust me there's a lot of people I have
a lot of friends clients who are six
feet tall good looking [ __ ] 8 out of
10 in terms of facial attractiveness and
uh struggling to get laid because they
are either very low in status or super
super super [ __ ] broke meaning they
come provide Financial Security right so
that tells you what's more important but
anyway yeah so long story short you want
to find these girls you want to go into
places where the girl is going to have a
an easier time trusting you because keep
in mind guys women are also scared of
creeps right they don't want to hang out
with a guy because he's good looking
what if he's a serial killer what if
he's a rapist what if he takes a 12 what
if he takes her to his [ __ ] basement
and ties up women have those face that
men don't have right when we're dealing
with a girl we're not thinking oh my God
what if she ties me to a [ __ ] chair
or some [ __ ] what if she likes me in her
basement we don't think about that we
just meet the girl we clap the cheeks
and move on nobody get rejected we go
home and be that meat right women have
way more fears than we do so they're
very very very very prudent when it
comes to meeting guys online most of the
girls I clapped I met them at work at
school so high school in college when I
graduated high school in uh in clubs
right through friends of friends that's
where because not a woman can trust you
once you can see that you social which
you know again gives you a huge bonus
right in the status thing and two she
knows she can trust you she knows that
okay this is random creep but today you
guys are lost in your [ __ ] cell
phones you live in a virtual world you
think everything happens online and
that's why you're struggling to get
asked go out there join clubs join
organizations uh go to [ __ ] work you
know college campuses join whatever be
in groups where you can showcase your
skills where you can showcase your
communication skills or your your status
or your popularity or whatever right
that has to happen in the real world not
online if you go online you're going to
lose all the guys who are simply better
looking than you are but anyway hope
this question helps uh like I say if you
have more questions go into Reddit make
sure you read the rules before posting
or someone delete your [ __ ] comment
and um see you guys in the next video
I'm out alright guys don't forget to
like or share the video subscribe and
hit the bell and buy my HSB nucleus of a
little training program see ultimate
program for maximum muscle growth it
includes full body workout splits bro
splits push-pull home workouts you name
it also comes with a complete guide for
Macross operation fat loss muscle growth
hormones including a meal plan it's
pretty much all my 16 years of
experience condensed into one [ __ ]
book you're also going to get free
copies of any future Edition so visit
team3dalpha.com and you can use the 40
off coupon code nucleus overload or you
could just buy the share full price all
right guys I'm out of here
