alright guys what's going on meeting his
back let me show you guys how my show me
right now I'm down seven pounds already
so I got about I think twenty three more
to go
yeah I'm two 12.2 with the camera so
about 211 I was 217 so I'm going down to
190 so wait yes I got you know about to
go but anyway guys let me show you guys
my strategy
it's my purse my brother by the way and
I say whatever you guys remember us from
the friends video that was two years ago
well he's here now he's trying to get
sold show him the progress already he's
been on and off but I gotta put him back
on it do a bicep pause man yeah it's
been on in Oz I gotta put him back as
you can see you making some gains I
hadn't do a pretty basic [ __ ] man
he's lucky that he he doesn't have to
repeat that mistakes we all made you
know he already has experience everybody
else in in this house means they
recognize [ __ ] anyway I'm a few more ago
I figured I'd share with y'all the
simple strategies I'm using you know
seven basic strategies of music for fat
loss just maximize it once again if you
want to China for a while though spread
in the past I cut like a moment ounces
always had this you know the skinny fat
issue my genetics of schemes fab meeting
a skinny legs skinny legs skinny arms
puffy cheeks and big stomach right so
every time I I was stopped training or
just you know eating normally I would
eat the same [ __ ] my sister was eating
because we grew up together I would
always be the fat one it should be the
skinny one I never made any [ __ ] sense
we've always hate the same [ __ ] and we
were always playing the exact same game
so taking my soul I you know go through
a lot of these different cuts try
different things you guys love you see
no carb everything was the best thing
that worked for me but I'm giving you
guys a seven strategies what are you
doing carb backloading are in a minute
fasting or 40-40-20 sufficient macros
whatever you don't want these are seven
Universal strategies that will always
work if you're trying to lose five
quickly right and you'll see I'll be
going down the scale pretty easily
oh it's gonna be my fifth time cutting I
cut so many times but um definitely is
never gonna be faster this time because
I've always something wrong and yeah so
the channel is back in business
school is over it officially ended
yesterday alright got my foot 101 dag so
I'm very excited about that I could
focus on the channel more I'm gonna I
made a separate video explain to you
guys why I would take the long time off
because it's a very very important
semester I had a lot of things in my
place so anyway straight to the point
I'm gonna try to make this short because
I have a lot of videos to make a lot of
questions to answer how the emails to
reply alright so I just you want to lose
fat right what girl's gonna [ __ ] me on
this journey
it's just it's the two basic thing right
you wanna maximize fat loss and you want
to minimize muscle books right
losing weight is not people say well I'm
so lose fat let me lose some weight lose
some weight doesn't necessarily mean you
losing fat you could be losing fat and
muscle or water weight you want to lose
the fat and you wanna minimize as much
muscle as possible right so it's not
just about losing weights about keeping
you know all the muscle you were called
for so that's why it's not simply about
reducing your calories you always have
these random note habits on motherfuckas
just coming to your channel I said all
you gotta do is reduce your calories
anybody who's been working out for a
long time who cut successfully will tell
you that that only works to an extent
right number one you gotta be really you
know you got a lot of fat on you a lot
if you have a lot of fat on the district
calories units up the fan of obviously
but the leaner and leaner you get the
more reducing the calories begins to
hurt you everybody knows that you lose a
lot of muscle and eventually your
metabolism slows down a bunch of thyroid
issues so we simply reduce in your
calories is only worse in the beginning
you don't want to you don't keep it as a
long term strategy right you when he's
in the beginning but eventually you want
to throw in different factors every
everyone's been to this one time will
tell you that right it's not always just
the main answer so actually gonna
corporation you have to eat less
obviously right you can't keep eating
you know 10,000 calories in expect to
keep losing fat but um you don't want
that to be your only strategy so I'm
gonna show you guys what's been working
maximize fat loss obviously you want to
have
and control right I always say before
you stop something you got to cut it at
the root you want to stop its source if
you want to stop fat loss before even
lose it you want to stop at gang guys
right the best way to stop fat loss is
to first stop putting on fat stop
putting on fat then you can start
worrying about you know losing a burning
or whatever if you doing other things
required to lose fat but at the same
time you know you're putting on fat on
the left side so you lose the fat out
this window but fans coming into this
one know what you doing is you have you
have a balance you're gonna stand in
equilibrium you want to cut off the
supply of fat gang-like whatever is
causing fagging when you want to
minimize that cut it off and then you
want to start chopping away at the tree
so what you're gonna do obviously is
insulin right everybody knows the most
powerful fat storing all monies insulin
you don't have this event all the way up
to your [ __ ] body all day long one of
many miles that that's gonna come from
your nutrition you know not really your
training because you know only train
about an hour a day right and attrition
gotta be on point you don't want to eat
something you don't eat shitty right
it's basic [ __ ] I'm not saying anything
new
you don't eat [ __ ] if you do eat
shitty if you eat a lot of you know lot
of sugar a lot of junk food whatever you
don't make sure you eat that rounded
something you trains everybody uses
definitely energy all that good [ __ ]
every learn in [ __ ] bro sauce
University right so excellent control
I'm not gonna you know talk a lot about
that obviously I'm still doing this it's
like a car everything structure but
again is based on studies it's poor the
[ __ ] man so I'm not gonna do all too
long on insulin you want to minimize you
know the amount of time it stays in your
body
what are you doing intermittent fasting
whether you're skipping breakfast
whether you you know you're cutting down
all the sweets and things like that not
you don't limit it there's just cuz you
know obviously you know 24th century you
gotta have sweets right but eating
reminded something you train so I'm
gonna get insulin later in a different
video a second thing to maximize fat
loss let me see your oxygen right and
they said what we do is about that we're
gonna have AC chemistry oxygen like
you're gonna ain't check a lot of oxygen
you wanna you wanna go you're doing
cardio whether you sprinting obviously
my favorite type of cardio HIIT from day
one I try cardio I used to swim a lot or
on my bicycle a lot like I said I lost
fat in the beginning but then I hit a
plateau it's not so I started going to
HRT when I was in Texas with hundra that
I started sharing the fat like crazy
that's when I first saw my abs within
weeks
I was doing I was doing sprinting and
jump roping and those were the only two
things that got me lean even when I got
lean in 2012 it was mainly jumping 5
minutes every morning darling super fast
so anything that will allow you to keep
moving kicking another oxygen I would
explain it before in a video you learn
in chemistry class fat leaves your body
to carbon dioxide and water right that's
why you whenever you don't call it in
your breathing hard you excel in a lot
of your sweating right but you need
oxygen to start the reaction am I gonna
go to the [ __ ] details fattest eh Oh
oxygen comes in you know [ __ ] [ __ ] a
lot of the molecules and you have h2o
leaving a body you have carbon dioxide
we all know that [ __ ] so find a way to
take it out of oxygen finally to breathe
a lot right what else what else what
else and the last and not least you want
to reduce inflammation right you want to
reduce inflammation that's gonna come to
your you know your foods your veggies or
let's show you a picture Omega threes
because when you diet you going through
a lot of stretch of quarters so that was
gonna be put a roof if you're gonna be
doing the caloric deficit approach
they're actually gonna have a lot of you
know a lot of stress going on from
training as well so you want to balance
that out right each other oxidants eat
your veggies if you don't want to eat
veggies like me I hate veggies juice
those shits saute finally would make it
taste it and eat them but I always say
don't eat [ __ ] that you don't like eat
the veggies with all the veggies but
it's always at least one or two that we
actually like to taste up focus on those
right
yes broccoli is better yes Carol I
spinach at the top three videos of all
time but if you don't like the taste
I'd rather have you eat something that
you're gonna enjoy and stay consistent
weight is something that you just taking
for about a week or two right
so reduce your information right zoom in
on the picture right here you wanna go
from fat Goku to Jack than a
[ __ ] Goku right I'm saying he
ain't mad essential means he ate a
little too much so to go from here to
here we finish the maximize fat loss
part insulin keep Pennsylvania check
it's the most powerful festering hormone
yes it's also beneficial for muscle
about the same time you can't change the
rabbits right you're trying to either
lose win or lose fat or get soil here
with something you know just mainly lose
fat obviously oxygen you know HIIT
cardio HIIT is way better science
you know pulled a pull the [ __ ] man but
if you don't like it try to eat the
cardio if you're too overweight and HRT
is gonna be too hard on your body and
your joints then do call your whatever
you need you just gotta keep moving we
live in a very sanitary world guys we're
always sitting down always on a [ __ ]
computer [ __ ] on the iPad and [ __ ]
like that find a way to get your ass up
and start moving
we don't hunt anymore who's going to
fish for food so you gotta find a way to
compensate for that obviously
information took a lot of water each
other antioxidants things like that all
right next does the finish here mmm
all right minimize the fat muscle loss
right number-one thing hi oh I think I
woke the baby up man
anyway maximize your protein intake
right step back
hi poultry I mean a lot of Peters about
the benefits on protein obviously your
body's not gonna use all that for muscle
building
I already feel explain to you guys that
you only need about 3 grams of protein
to retain and synthesize a day to put on
a pound of muscle at the end of a month
and muscles and I mean getting that
three grams of protein synthesized we
eat like 200 grams of protein but how
many people you know are putting on a
pound of muscle every month that's the
sign that your body if you did not do
not synthesized in depth in terms of
protein oh it's not retaining it means
probably synthesizing and breaking it
down probably two days later whatever so
anyway you idiot aquanauts
not supermost not now cuz your body's
gonna use it to the Muslim because is
that a hockey fan protein breakdown
obviously unit or deficit oh you're
moving a lot you're gonna lower protein
breakdown you're gonna have whatever
your body needs to you know repair
tissue and things like that and I'm see
it's very very sad sitting right
everybody knows protein out of all the
three micronutrients is the most
saturated winning if you high-protein
meal you won't be hungry for long song
you get a big piece of steak big piece
of chicken you're gonna be hungry for
the next time like four five at least at
least three hours right so it better
keep cravings down um so very hot 14
plus the thermic effect of food
approaching it has so many been you know
benefits very very very very high
protein life you eat protein your body
has to use a lot of energy just to
process that [ __ ]
right in fact people are trying to cut
down you know how if one reporting
that's for calories because something
bring it out and I pre point something
just because of the fact that your body
has to burn some you know so much energy
to process it so protein is amazing for
that what I supposed to you know put you
know so many things mmm
gives you full have you seen repairs
muscle tissue oh come back anyway so
next time you want to live heavy right
live happy you utilize those fastest
most fibers to minimize oh that's basic
[ __ ] right I'm not reinventing the wheel
here live happy you don't want to go
ahead and start going do thing about
high reps is I'm not saying I was gonna
get you big I made it obvious penny I
could get big doing high reps but here
you trying to minimize or something the
gym because should be doing a chai tea
or you might be doing cardio your
cortisol levels gonna be through the
roof you're not trying to benadryl for
two three hours right so you want to get
in and get out and that's will
accomplish that is by keeping your
volume high yeah but by lifting happier
this inch I'm so utilizing most fastest
most farmers you don't have to break
down so much you know I'm saying your
body if you don't use it your body will
lose they already know that so lift
heavy and show them this right that's
probably one of the most important parts
of maintaining your muscle tissue when
you're cutting frequency you guys you
gotta have high frequency in your weight
how long's the video a button
you gotta have high frequency in your
training guys and some saying you don't
wanna spend too much time in the gym
because it's gonna be training
frequently the more frequently you train
the more nitrogen retention you're gonna
have don't watch much is gonna have less
muscle breakdown you're gonna have so
you want to increase frequency and here
I put glucose transporters that's what I
talked about at the time it's what um
kefir really brought to the world we'll
go back looting you know for motor
studies on it
Mik along story short because
transporters and other things inside the
[ __ ] cell when you eating
carbohydrates normally insulin comes in
opens the door and allow the glucose to
go inside the cell them a useful energy
really what happens is the insulin
knocks on the door glucose transporters
come up grab the [ __ ] glucose bring
it inside in the mitochondria all that
good [ __ ] right but every time you train
and you
you know your muscle fibers faster you
know mainly faster which the glucose
transporters come to the surface of the
cell without insulin and they suck up
all the glucose right so what happens is
most of the glucose that would have went
to your fat cells and I'm going to the
muscle cells that's the magical goo
Goo's responded very very important even
if you had a lot of insulin and local
transporters you cannot get glucose
inside the muscle cells so these guys
are very important and the more
frequently you train obviously the more
they're gonna be moving around the cell
hooking up the glucose you're eating
they could show your fastest are not
getting that so that's one of the
reasons why I kept everything work so
well and once again they even proved
that once again put a [ __ ] man they
proved that on diabetic patients after
that but he pretty shoes in case you
don't know their body's insulin is all
[ __ ] everybody doesn't respond to
insulin but when they lift weights or
discipline was just restraining the
glucose transporters still go over to
the surface and clay the sugar from the
bloodstream so that's very very
important products less frequently and
when I say frequently I'm not talking
about full-blown workouts just the
doctors about push-ups in the morning or
pushers doing your commercial breaks air
squats
I don't know random curls five-minute
curls whatever you can do to keep your
body moving throughout the day and
stimulating inuzuka transporters that's
really gonna help you you know minimize
muscle loss because you using your
muscles at the time when you name the
most and also you getting rid of all the
glucose going through the blood because
of the food you eating so guys let's see
and then I said seven last and not least
is focused guys you got it
in fact that has nothing to do with our
training this is just mental fat loss of
muscle building is a mental process if
you if you're not you don't have the
mental strength to you know to say you
begin a journey but you have the
strength to continue eventually you're
gonna quit and all your hard work
trust me is gonna go right under the
carpet right in the trash so from day
one you gotta know why's that why are
you beginning to journey why why are you
starting you why are you losing weight
if you just don't want to be just
because you're gonna look good and
that's not enough
soon too few you you're gonna burn out I
happen just I don't know one gallon in
your car you trying to go [ __ ] eighty
miles you're gonna run out of fuel make
sure you have something that keeps
burning right I always talk about the
race bucket you know I started that be
like three years ago
finding stuff that makes you angry
finding stuff that makes you you know
think about your failures your losses on
we're from broke up with you you [ __ ]
messed up on something you regret
something use all that rage to help you
get from point A to point B you want it
you want to turn that into cubes that's
gonna give you energy and if that
doesn't motivate just find something
else look at pictures of honor look at
pictures of your idols look at pictures
of people doing what you're doing look
at pictures of people who want from fat
to skinny but get some summation
pictures always stay inspired you know
it's in 3d I'm very big on inspiration
you gotta stay inspired like I always
say you cannot win fighters battle using
Monday's motivation you gotta use
Friday's motivation for [ __ ] Friday's
battle and same people Saturday sympathy
on Sunday most of the time people quit
that dies because they started they
started dying because of a picture they
saw or something happened to them and
then they're lost they're no side of
that thing so a week later this one time
for them okay so a week later buzzer oh
yeah it's beautiful on camera got you
know got a funny smell of seven things
you know insulin control oxygen you know
a Chocula cardio keep information down
our proteins lift heavy splits full body
whatever you want to do keep it frequent
and obviously stay focused find
something to keep your track rather than
I gave it to you I don't know a single
person who knows all these seven things
and it's no [ __ ] track unless you
know [ __ ] genetic disorder but anyway
guys we should have bet some luck and
follow me on a journey you'll see me
lose a family so I'm go for at least a
pound a pound a week but I'm not really
worried about the scale we'll see when I
get down to 190 we'll see if this worked
on that alright guys the money here
thanks thanks for the camera man get it
one last time take a quick snapshot and
I see the money come on anyway it's
making video
and we spent imagine a lack of lighting
for us man
