hey guys what's going on quick video I
want you guys to check out in case you
didn't see the first video I want you to
check out my boy alex right Alexander
osoa Alex he has over 12 years of
experience working out uh um I made a
lot of videos about him in the past cuz
when me and hza first started working
back in CSI he was like a big brother
figure to us guys he was like the you
know one of the in fact he was the
second he out of out out of everybody in
that gym he was the second best physique
right second toar he second best
physique guys he had chest arms you name
it vascularity he was lean I mean he
knew what he was doing guys so a lot a
lot of the stuff that um that I learned
from my research studies I also applied
it to you know based on the way he used
to train so check him out guys I also
asked him a lot of questions back in the
day I mean me and H was just new in the
game you know we have no idea what we
were doing and you know you know he was
there he would answer us and things like
that you know take his time so check M
has a lot of advice a lot of especially
you know you skinny guys out there or
guys trying to get lean or he knows how
to stay lean guys he's lean and muscular
so um fact in fact I'm going to put two
of his uh two of his videos on the
screen just click on either one take you
straight to his channel you know like
subscribe whatever ask him all your
[ __ ] questions he has like I said he
has a lot of expert a lot of expertise
on um you know how to build muscle you
know how to how to maintain muscle how
to get lean how to get cut up you know
especially for you [ __ ] out
there who love love love getting lean
definitely go to his channel you know
he's a lean machine right right now he's
training his little brother so you guys
could jump in on the journey ask him
whatever questions you got all right
guys his name is Alex we call him Alex
Alexander you know we call him Alex
subscribe to his Channel show him some
love and um stay tuned for the next
videos coming up all right I'm out also
don't forget to check out my other
homies right I mentioned them several
times in the past but I mention them
again because every time I go to the
channel to watch their videos I notice
the you know the subscriber count is not
going up you know it's like I said
YouTube is [ __ ] up because it's all
about like if if it doesn't matter how
good your videos are if people don't see
your [ __ ] they will never know about you
you know You' be amazed how many people
out there have great physics and great
channels that have no subscribers
because you know people don't notice
them so check out my homies you know you
got enim off Beast you know a lot of you
guys know him already for you those of
you guys that don't I'm going to put uh
his stuff in the description
and then you got my boys obviously um
fitness challenge me check them out man
it's funny they're both from New York my
hometown well one of my hometowns I got
like eight [ __ ] Hometown so check
these guys out right on top of you know
the old guys you know B Noah Smith Jim
monster you know the list goes on check
these guys out if you want to the direct
link to the to the channels not only
it's going to be in the description but
if you go to my main Channel I have I
have them on the side and they're right
there so have a lot of good info and a
lot of good stuff to teach you guys all
right I'm out
[Music]
lazy person I still am and I believe
that lazy people have the most potential
out of every human being we SP like the
last 10 minutes fact reason we so lazy
because the first one is have to believe
it or not
