hey what's going on megan here quick
video i'm gonna try to make it quick
about south asian genetics so we're
gonna include southeast asia and
southwest asia um with a special
emphasis on india based on popular
requests so i'm gonna answer a bunch of
questions
do they have bad bodybuilding genetics
um and let's define that for a minute
bad bodybuilding genetics simply means
it's harder for you to either put on
muscle
to lose fat or to do both right so when
we say bad bodybuilding genetics it
doesn't mean you cannot build muscle it
doesn't mean you cannot lose fat it just
means it's harder for you to achieve
that goal okay anyone on this planet
unless you have some genetic condition
where you know you have dystrophy some
[ __ ] anyone on this planet can build
muscle the only thing that changes is
the rate at which we get to that goal
some get there faster
some
it takes a lot longer to get there right
so let's get that out of the way so yeah
so let's answer your questions about
soft asian genetics why do so many of
them suffer from skinny fat syndrome in
fact is it true is it a myth we're going
to cover all that
all right so this is another episode of
fun fact friday where we cover
everything that has to do with genetics
and race and ethnicities blah blah blah
watch the previous videos if you haven't
already we
already covered uh
scandinavians uh central europeans west
african descendants african americans
mexicans blah blah blah blah you know i
covered almost every [ __ ] ethnicity
out there and i'm going to cover more as
we go on
so check out the previous episodes if
you haven't now quick disclaimer guys
stop giving me a hard time about race
once again for the million time whenever
i say race it's just a quick to
categorize people right no one of the
shadows racist i don't believe in
supremacy i don't care what race you are
or what ethnic group you belong to we
are all part of the human race that
originated in africa and went on to
conquer the rest of the world but just
because we're all humans does not mean
that we don't have differences we have
plenty of differences and you'll be out
of your [ __ ] mind if you thought
otherwise and the main reason we have so
many differences is because look at all
the regions of earth that humans have
conquered look at all the different
climates the different terrains that we
had to adapt to just like animals we had
to be under a lot of pressures to adapt
to our environments which is why we have
so many different
adaptations specific to the regions we
adapted to right the massive massive
massive variations
in muscle building potential ability to
store fat iq disease risk you name it
right and it has nothing to do with
which race is better no it's all about
where your ancestors come from and what
they had to adapt to that's it right
that's why i'm able to cover every
ethnic group without being biased right
i'm objective as [ __ ] because this is
all luck guys this is all luck right you
didn't choose where your ancestors
evolved and what terrain they had to
adapt to so if your ethnic group or your
race is good at certain things there's
nothing to brag about if they're bad at
certain things again there's nothing to
be ashamed about it's just [ __ ]
biology also keep in mind
that even within ethnic groups there's
huge variety right so just because we
say oh race xyz is good at this that
does not mean that every single person
in that group has that adaptation right
it's just a matter of frequency right
not all indians are the same not all
south asians are the same not all
africans are the same even west africans
when we say west africans are good at
xyz that doesn't mean every west african
when we say europeans are good at this
and bad at this it doesn't mean every
single one of them just like any data
sample there's always going to be
outliers that are around the average
what we're referring to is the average
okay
now why is it that a lot of south asians
tend to have skinny fat genetics once
again on average doesn't mean everybody
on average it's the same reason that i
mentioned in every single video it all
starts with natural selection you guys
remember this thing i drew years ago
actually that was a year ago by the way
but yeah so in this terrain right on
this side the green mice are going to
pass on their jeans faster sim simply
because they're camouflaged whereas on
this side it's going to be the brown
mice that doesn't mean the green mice
are better than these and uh there's
racism or what no it's just natural
selection right
same way here right on this terrain the
white mice are gonna survive longer and
pass on their dreams faster simply
because look they're playing in with the
[ __ ] snow whereas these guys are
[ __ ]
so so whenever you notice that there's a
huge variation
uh or the differences within an ethnic
group always think okay natural
selection natural selection and then try
to figure out how adapting to the
environments led to that obviously there
are other factors but i don't want to
make this video too long all right so
first
let's bring out the facts
do south asians actually have quote
unquote bad muscle building genetics
well one
they have the highest rates of type 2
diabetes relative to their body mass and
that's what makes it crazy is that most
ethnicities for them to get type 2
diabetes they have to be overweight you
know they have to have a high bmi
whatever meanwhile south asians
on average specifically indians tend to
develop type 2 diabetes even while
skinny which is insane right because
they are [ __ ] they could have a low
bmi and still develop diabetes second
thing is they have a smaller structure
just to begin with and you guys know
just like east africans right it's very
hard to pack on slabs of muscle when you
have a very small skeletal structure
number three they are shorter on average
and here goes the crazy part and that's
even when you adjust for nutrition
because for most people when you dress
for nutrition high tends to go up
meanwhile for a big majority of staff
asians when you dress for nutrition
height does not go up as much as it's
supposed to it takes up to four to five
generations for the effects to finally
go back to normal
next they do not have a favorable actin
and 3 profile if you watch my videos on
black genetics you should know what
acting in 3 is by now so i'm not going
to go into the details too much but long
story short that fast switch muscles do
not produce as much force and do not
generate as much power as some of the
other groups next most south asian
babies are born weighing less than the
average weight in some cases
up to two pounds less than the other
counterparts which is crazy because that
means that a lot of them are [ __ ] from
the moment they come out of the womb
because you guys know your birth weight
is a huge predictor of how much you're
gonna weigh as an adult so most babies
are about eight pounds seven or eight
pounds
a lot of south asian babies are born
wearing about six to six and a half
pounds which is huge by the way and this
is also when you adjust for nutrition
next a lot of studies report them having
lower testosterone levels than their
counterparts not all of them again this
is on average and you guys already know
how that affects body composition
next they also have unfortunately low
androgen receptor sensitivity relative
to blacks and other ethnic groups that
are more gifted in the bodybuilding
department so that means for a big
majority of them even when they hop on
the juice they do not get the same
response that
other ethnicities get so long story
short they have longer androgen receptor
repeat lamps right it's not too bad
though it's right there around 22 which
is the average for whites as well next
they have lower adiponectin levels it
makes it very very hard for them to lose
fat and sure enough it makes it a lot
easier for them to grow belly fat once
they adapt a more western diet and start
eating a lot of junk food so when the
average person becomes sedentary of
course they get fat right they develop
belly fat a bunch of other issues for
south asians the process is sped up
dramatically next they also have very
high myostatin activity again if you
watch my videos you know what my stand
does unfortunately they have very high
levels of uh their very high milestone
activity which obviously makes it a lot
harder for them to put on muscle but at
the same time myostatin also increases
insulin resistance which again leads to
type 2 diabetes and fat storage and
things like that and last but not least
when you combine all of this together
they are the most skinny fat ethnic
group on the planet meaning combination
of high body fat levels and low muscle
mass now you might ask why the [ __ ] so
bad like like what did it do to deserve
this right if you think about it guys it
looks bad to us because we bodybuilders
and we think yeah muscle muscle muscle
but from an evolutionary perspective
they actually have great [ __ ]
genetics because this is the phenotype
you want to have in order to survive
famines and i want to explain why oh and
by the way you could look all this [ __ ]
up guys if you don't believe me
everything that i mentioned is always
facts i always mention [ __ ] that you
guys can look up yourself you don't
believe me go to any scientific database
and look up every single thing i'm
saying right i have no incentive to just
wake up in the morning and then pick on
south asians they are some of the
coolest [ __ ] on the planet i
have a ton of south asian friends and as
a history nerd i love every [ __ ]
culture anyway guys so i have no
incentive to make this [ __ ] up you can
look it up yourself alright so
let's find out why they've adapted to
have that kind of phenotype well number
one you guys remember bergman and
allen's rule right they've adapted close
to the equator so that naturally
automatically gives them a smaller frame
longer limbs
smaller skeletal structure right when
it's very hot around the equator the
last thing you want to evolve is a huge
stocky body so that already predisposes
them to have a small physique next
the shift from being hunters and
gatherers to agriculture obviously we do
stay high you guys know that's that
happens to everybody it's not just
indians not just south asians that
happens to everybody whenever humans or
any human group moves from hunting and
gathering to just farming [ __ ] one of
the first things that happens is a
reduction in height mainly due to less
animal protein being consumed of course
and sure enough since there were the
early adapters of agriculture and you
know rice farming and things like that
that created a population surplus but it
also
came at the expanse of the stature
number three once again population
density right when you have a massive
massive massive population it is very
hard to have high quality animal protein
to feed everybody and keep in mind i'm
talking historically not not right now
because remember this thing took years
to manifest next the monsoon right these
guys were very very vulnerable to you
know unpredictable weather patterns
sometimes the monsoon just fell right
meaning that crops failed so massive
famine massive uh nutritional stress
massive starvation all across the board
you also have to factor that again this
is south asia so they're getting hyper
el nino which further adds to the
scarcity of resources right because
again it makes the weather pattern
unpredictable for certain populations so
that obviously affects uh
nutritional status next not the price
itself but actually the lack of malaria
because if you remember from the west
african genetics video that's really
what saved a lot of black people right
because we also had a lot of the issues
that um
these guys had but malaria came in and
i'm not gonna go to details again watch
the video that did not have as much
pressure from malaria as west africans
did right the malaria burden for south
asia was like three percent right
meanwhile for africa it was 93 percent
right so let that sink in so that will
not
it sucks that i have to say lucky enough
right because really if you think about
it malaria is not something you want to
have but
you guys saw what it did to the west
african population
selection for fast twist genes sapphires
were not lucky enough to have
um this pressure
on a high level right they had malaria
but not to the point um not to the level
of west africa next protein
elephant in the [ __ ] room right a lot
of vegetarian a lot of vegan diets out
there in that region so you guys already
know we think is going to happen when
people are not getting all of their
amino acids now of course nowadays we
know we know more about vegan nutrition
and you know how to get most of the
amino acids by eating a wide variety of
vegetarian or vegan food sources but
guys keep in mind for the last thousands
and thousands of years that these guys
were adapting to their environments they
didn't know that [ __ ] they didn't have
studies they didn't have google right
these guys were just deficient as [ __ ]
eating a lot of vegetarian foods a lot
of vegan foods and missing a lot of
things that come from eating meat
vitamin b12 creatine you know maybe iron
deficiency or zinc or whatever again
depending on their diets so that
obviously played a role on height and
muscle mass and you also have to mention
the famines right in addition to the
famines that took place because of the
unpredictable weather or the monsoon
failures you also have the fact that
they had to go to numerous famines you
know including during a british
occupation during colonialism so these
guys were just hit from every angle
by so many different calamities and then
you add the most recent one which is
again the culture right if you're a
south asian boy or you know you're an
indian boy and you tell your mom hey i
want to go to the gym i want to get
swole well a lot of them would just get
[ __ ] slap like hey go to your room go
study you know go be good at math go be
good engineering whatever it's the same
with a lot of traditional households you
know i'm from africa and it's the same
thing you know like you you try to work
out you try to play sports and your
parents are like nah you know go study
so you just have to factor the you know
the cultural aspect right a lot of them
didn't get to play sports at an early
age um other than obviously qriket and
things like that but there was less
pressure uh for them to join
bodybuilding early or uh american
football or all the things that a lot of
us were able to gravitate to at a young
age because you know the the emphasis
was on education education education
right so a lot of them have to become
late adapters to the bodybuilding
lifestyle which gives them a massive
disadvantage when it comes to working
out because again if you know how
nuclear solute works and holding my
nuclear thing they come into the gym
with less my nuclei and in some cases
less energetic receptors than the rest
of us
and last but not least the pattern
continues epigenetics right
they're born with low weight low body
weight that means the women also grow up
to weigh less and of course you guys
know if your mother weighs less chances
are she's going to give birth to a
smaller baby and then you're going to
have a bunch of epigenetic changes that
just happen from generation to
generation and studies have shown that
even if you take rats
and you malnourish them or you don't
give them adequate nutrition
not only the kids become smaller but it
takes multiple generations for the
effect to reserve even if you start
fixing the nutrition right and in the
case of a lot of south asians it takes
up to five generations
to undo the damage even when you start
fixing the nutrition early on so that's
insane so you have environmental
pressures uh genetic pressures
that are working against them and you
have epigenetic effects working against
them right so so again instead of
complaining right because a lot of
salvation get mad they're like oh wow
why am i genetics bad mom
look at it from different lens look at
it from different angles you are the
survivor
you are the descendant of survivors
people that had to survive a bunch of
[ __ ] right and your body had to
adapt in order to survive right when a
group of people are hit with famines
what is the first thing the body does
the fir the body breaks down muscle and
the body tries to make you as small as
possible so you can conserve energy the
body also tries to make you extremely
good at storing fat so that you can
survive the famine right if a famine
were to hit the earth right now guess
who would be the people who will survive
guests will be the ones who have the
highest chance of surviving south asians
to people who are either skinny fat or
extremely obese right the ones who are
extremely obese are going to have a lot
of body fat right to help them survive
the famine and the ones who are skinny
fat well one they're gonna weigh less so
the body burns less calories so the bmr
is lower their need is gonna be lower
so they can survive the famine longer
meanwhile the jack [ __ ] and the
tall giant [ __ ] are gonna be
the first ones to drop because because
the bmr is so high they have too much
muscle mass not enough myostatin right
so the family is going to wipe them out
a lot sooner than south asians that's
why myostatin evolved in the first place
you know i always get asked that
question hey me and why did my stat
evolve you know if it's such a bad thing
well that's why milestone evolved that's
why my statin has developed to make us
skinny fat to lose muscle and store fat
is because the body doesn't give a [ __ ]
about bodybuilding all the body cares
about is surviving right so no you don't
have [ __ ] genetics right in the
bodybuilding context yeah but you don't
have [ __ ] genetics if you're south asian
you have survivor genetics right your
body has adapted to survive and being
200 pounds solid [ __ ] muscle naughty
that's not a body that's going to
survive a famine but once again like i
said remember that doesn't mean every
south asian has those genetics doesn't
mean every person in india has those
genetics or pakistan whatever no it just
means a higher proportion of your
[ __ ] may have this phenotype
and even if you do again it's not the
end of the world to be to be honest guys
as somebody who has [ __ ] genetics
himself and had to overcome it
to me that's a that's that's [ __ ]
glory right because that means that once
you finally build muscle once you
finally reach your dream physique you
can walk around knowing that you did it
in spite of everything that was against
you you actually reached your goal when
the journey was a lot harder meanwhile
somebody with easy genetics who just
parks this car at the gym there's a
u-turn and looks like ronnie coleman
they have no glory because
yes they work hard but it's easy to work
hard when you get results every week
after you curl right it's easy to keep
working hard when every time you go into
the gym you add an inch to your biceps
right so they don't get the glory you
guys do right so when i see an indian or
a south asian who goes through the
process of building his physique to me
he gets 20 times the amount of respect
and the amount of props that
a west african or anybody else would get
because i know the [ __ ] that he had to
go through to build that body or he's
just you know one of the lucky few that
has a really good genetics right so
don't be discouraged guys it's not the
end of the world you can still reach
your dream physique you can still be you
can still build a great body like i said
it's just gonna take you a bit longer
you're gonna have to be a lot more
disciplined with nutrition and recovery
and training volume and things like that
watch my videos on how you should train
if you have uh quote-unquote trash by
the little genetics and also don't
forget bodybuilding is it's not the it's
not the nrb all guys you also have to
look at all of the contributions that
your people have given to the world
especially india i mean you guys have
contributed so much to the world
civilization it blows my mind that
you're getting discourages because you
have a higher prevalence of skinny fat
genes right so study your history be
proud of what your people have
accomplished and regardless of what your
genetics are you can still build a great
physique in fact i have a video coming
soon on the great gamma who is obviously
south asian and a lot of other people
from south asia who have amazing
genetics right so that you guys don't
believe that it's just every south asian
that has trash genetics nah that's not
how genetics work but anyway guys hope
this video helps i'm gonna try to make
more follow-up videos because this one's
already too long and there's a lot more
information i wanted to mention see you
in the comment section alright guys
don't forget to like or share the video
subscribe and hit the bell and buy my
hsp nucleus of a little training program
it's the ultimate program for maximum
muscle growth it includes full body
workout splits bro splits push-pull
home workouts you name it also comes
with a complete guide for macros
nutrition fat loss muscle growth
hormones
including a meal plan it's pretty much
all my 16 years of experience
condensed into one [ __ ] book you're
also going to get free copies of any
future edition so visit team3d alpha.com
and you can use the 40 off coupon code
nucleus overload or you could just buy
this [ __ ] at full price all right guys
i'm out of here
