all right guys going on Megan here I
haven't made a live videos in a long
time but uh I'm back in business I've
been busy school and [ __ ] all right guys
how to put you saw the title how to put
on the pound of muscle in 30 days the
reason why I picked the pound of muscle
once again is because it's not
impossible even though it's very hard
guys a pound of muscle a a month is 12
lounds of muscle in a year and that's a
lot of [ __ ] muscle but it's not
impossible it's extremely hard but it's
not impossible if you're a noob you know
Noob lifter you just started lifting you
know you can put on I say one to two
right one to two sign social back set
ups one or two the longer you've been
lifting the harder this for your body to
put on um muscle mass but I explain in
different videos why it works anyway for
a muscle to grow this is the muscle cell
for a muscle to grow muscle made up of
muscle cells right for the muscle to
grow the muscle cell has to grow long um
quick uh summary of my overt training
video this is a muscle cell right muscle
cells unlike the other cells in the
human body have more than one nucleus
right this is the nucleus right here
they can have like you know hundreds of
them normal cell only have one and it's
in the nucleus the DNA is quick B cam
overview right the DNA is in here and
when you work out you take steroids
whatever the [ __ ] you do um the
testosterone whatever it is the growth
factors go into the nucleus and start
mRNA transcription translation all that
you know fancy [ __ ] but anyway based on
how many nucleus you have the body the
muscle cell can grow faster the muscle
cell can grow faster the human muscle
can grow faster right so you see from
here to here this is a small cell this
is a hypertrophy cell this is a small
bicep this is a big bicep right you see
the difference it's not just the size of
the muscle but it's the number of nuclei
that's the plural for nucleus the more
nuclei you have have the faster and
bigger the muscle can grow and how do
you you know make the nucleus to grow
blah blah blah I made s about that it's
all about protein sentences you want you
you eat protein your body takes the
protein breaks it down to amino acids
out of the amino acids your body takes
nitrogen which is the backbone for
muscle and protein and your body uses
that nitrogen see it as bricks your body
uses that to build a castle to build
your chest your biceps whatever so
that's why you got to eat protein to
build muscle but anyway I want you guys
look at this we're going to come back to
this later right small cell big cell
small muscle big muscle
uh three I'm making them numbers very
few nuclei a lot of [ __ ] nuclei how
do you go from here to here now let's
look at this right can I see this mm the
video is longer than 5 minutes you know
let me know cuz I could talk for I talk
forever all right one day 30 days right
this is muscle this is protein this is
one pound of muscle I'm it's really 453
gram of um of muscle but I just round it
up to 450 to make it easy to remember
this is one pound of muscle guys one
pound of muscle in one pound of muscle
you have about 90 g of protein right if
you don't really me buy beef or try to
eat a human or whatever um one FB of
muscle 90 gr of protein right because 20
roughly 20% of muscle is protein 70% is
water the other 10% is [ __ ] like you
know [ __ ] I don't know so 450 290 so
in 30 days right theoretically if you
want to put on a pound of muscle your
body needs to synthesize only 90 grams
of protein right doesn't seem like a lot
right only 90 G of prot your body is
able to take the beef and chicken and
whatever you eat and synthesize 90 gr of
these you know essential amino acids
your body will have one pound of muscle
the rest like I said is going to come
from water than you know other things so
that's 30 days that's in one month
obviously your body has to do that one
step at a time right one day at a time
so let's look at one day for your body
to put on one pound of muscle a month
which is 450 G of muscle it needs to put
on 15 G of muscle a day day right 15 G
is like I don't [ __ ] it if your body can
put on 15 G of muscle every single day
for 30 days just multiply by 30 you get
this
right is it is the problem is it five
minutes already
okay why why you
laughing can you can you talk feedback I
was laughing cuz you said 15 grams uh
screw it oh yeah you like that right I'm
funny yeah you're funny so um 15 gram of
oh my T of thought bab M you know I have
ADD okay yeah 15 G of muscle a day right
now once again I said 50 g of muscle a
day some 30 you get this in 15 G of
muscle 20% of that is protein right what
20% of 15 gram three gram I hope you're
not confused yet right so if your body
can synthesize three gram of protein a
day right three gram of essential amino
acids and non-essential whatever you'll
have 50 g of muscle in one day and you
have boom one pound of muscle in a month
now I hope this number [ __ ] alarms
you cuz when I discover this I call Hans
over my uncle my biology Professor I
mean all the [ __ ] muscle expert and
we talked about we amazed all of us
because it's such a small number if
yourbody can get 3 g of protein just 3 g
of protein and synthesize that [ __ ]
every day I'm not talking about using it
for energy or whatever just build that
[ __ ] together for muscle you have a
pound of muscle every single month wait
wait baby but we're not putting on a
pound of muscle the month how come even
though we're eating way more than three
of protein now we know obviously some of
it's going to your hair some of it's
going to your your liver your brain you
know protein all over your hair your
nails everything right but we know okay
when once all that's out the way at
least some should be left over for
muscle gains right but we're not even
getting three and least assuming your
your calories are mad because your
calories are mad you don't have to worry
about protein being turned into glucose
all that [ __ ] so why are we not
getting this three gr of
protein directly into our muscles
obviously we not cuz if we were once
again com if you were getting three
grams of protein every day being
synthesized you have a pound of muscle
the problem is nitrogen retention I made
a video about that a while ago and I
explained to you at first it's funny I
made it two years ago people were like
oh man uh this [ __ ] uh if you eat
100 gam of protein your body's going to
use all of it you [ __ ] how much
protein you think your body needs in one
day now I always give recommendations
some people say two gram of protein po
of body weight some people say three
people even say four and I always say
maximum that I will ever go is one right
one one grand and even that's a lot the
reason why I say one is because I made a
video about that protein is a whole it's
being used for so many things like I
like like listed earlier your brain your
body but we only need three gram to go
into our muscles nitrogen retention if
you can increase nitrogen retention
nitrogen I explain how um nitrogen works
if your body can hold on to Three G of
nitrogen per per day not three of
nitrogen I'm [ __ ] up three grams of
amino acids per day you'll end up with a
pound of muscle you go from this to this
how do you increase nitrogen retention
that's going to be in part two to this
video why you laughing my braak this
proportion in a [ __ ] right but
I'm going to make part two to this video
to explain to you guys how you can make
your body hold on to at least three
Grams H for example cuz when I showed
him this he he wanted to [ __ ] cry cuz
he eats four chicken L waterers a day
plus a bunch of other [ __ ] but just the
four chicken lers guys that's 160 gr of
protein right and he you know carbs and
fat so he's assuming that after his
energy requirements are met his body's
going to use that you know to build
muscle right now he's way more than that
he's getting like 200 something I'm
using 160 for that right now if if his
body was using that 160 g of protein and
synthesizing that [ __ ] into muscle you
know how much muscle he put on in a
month 52 lbs of
muscle and obviously he's not putting on
52 lbs of muscle so that means his body
is not even using 160 gram of protein
just for his muscle let's say half of
that right let's say body using half of
all the protein he was eating this was
eating was using 80 g for like you know
other [ __ ] whatever and other 80 g for
his muscle he will put on uh
26 lb of muscle a month so that means
his body's not even using half of what
he's using for muscle building Le's his
body using even half of that that's a
quarter that's a quarter of the protein
he's eating 40 gram this anybody just
says okay I'll be nice [ __ ] I
take 40 gram out of all the protein
you're eating and I'm going to put that
in muscle building only muscle building
he'll put on 13 lbs of muscle a money
and he's not and we not so that means
our body is not even using a quarter of
the protein we're eating if if his body
says you know what I'm going to be super
[ __ ] nice I'm going to use just three
grams three grams of the amount of
protein that you eat and I'm going to
put that only in muscle I promise you
[ __ ] if it did that he would put on
like I said a bound of muscle a month
and so so so with the rest of us but we
not so conclusion is your body is not
using what you think it is using for
muscle building and in part two I'm
going to show you guys how you can make
your body hold on nitrogen retention
steroids do that but we [ __ ] natural
here how your body can hold on to the
nitrogen you get from the protein and
keep at least three of it so that you
can put on the pound of muscle in one
month right this discovery blew my mind
guys blew my [ __ ] mind it shows you
that not only you wasting a lot of money
on protein shaks and [ __ ] like that
right but you got to recount your
calories and you know restructure your
training in order to maximize protein
sentences I'm going to get into splits
full body workout studies all that
[ __ ] but I hope this video really
wakes you up guys and that you realize a
lot of your protein is being
wasted
