hey guys going to a meeting here popular
requests muscle memory right and I said
I promise you guys too so got a little
bit video in a dwell and at the time
explaining how muscle memory works as
far as nucleus mitochondria all that
stuff now make sure before you watch the
video you watch the video called why
overtraining makes them monster grow
faster and I explained how through both
science and anecdotes came to conclusion
that if you overwork right now just over
the train even if it's outside about
even if you overwork the muscle for a
certain period of time mostly in your
teens or wherever and you finally after
that you back off and you finally you
know I don't know give it a break any
stop bodybuilding that much so will be
the fastest one to grow and if this was
at the time there was no science behind
it but it was proven like bro science
cooling everyone that I knew that either
overtrained a muscle when they first
study lifted later on in the future that
muscle is the best part outside of
[ __ ] genetics right he's sick of
people saying somebody with great
resilience and genetics right they have
no research is too soon and I tested it
to prove my hypothesis right I did the
same way everybody else done I try to
know so many so many people so much
somebody with a great physique part of
it was genetics but I've always asked
them you know did you do anything using
a muscle I in the past and then nine out
of ten times the same things all man I
used to climb up with a I so whole thing
I don't know whatever it is that made
their most grow right but because I was
seeing more and more people with that
phenomenon I've decided to say you know
what there has to be science behind it
so I said you know a [ __ ] bodybuilding
[ __ ] bro sign let me just go into
molecular biology let me just study how
molecules work right because your muscle
is just a bunch of cells right so I
wanted to make a long story short I
thought studying cells cooking sentences
mRNA transcription translation all that
deep core tenets and stuff and I
discovered a study that explained it's
actually more of a very recent study it
explained this phenomena right why
people grow very very fast when they
over train the muscle in the past
or why is it that they would I used to
play sprinting sports like football or
soccer whatever have great quads when
the star bodybuilding even if they don't
go out at all it and it also explained
muscle memory whether this - you trained
before could take a long time off from
the gym lose their muscle come back and
get slow like in half the time and it's
finally explained on the molecular level
right first let me give you guys a
little example take a look at this let's
say you have two houses houses has to be
right this house you only have two
workers to build your house this house
you have four workers to build the same
house let me actually guys who do you
think which house do things gonna be
built the fastest all right obviously
it's Al's B because it has more workers
even if you want the house to be the
same size right both have to be the same
size eventually they'll be the same size
but this house will be built a lot
faster and let me explain how that works
every because you have more workers
right even if you go to this side and
you give them like a million bricks a
billion bricks it doesn't matter you
limit it to how many workers you have
and let me spin that in terms of you
know and by the way are extremely sout
there it is boom so you can look it up
if you want you have a muscle cell is
different than other cells in the body
because it has the ability to have more
than one nucleus right so the average
cell only has like one nucleus the
muscle cell can have you know like
hundreds of new nuclei so let's say this
one has three this one has a whole lot
you could represent a nucleus as the
workers of the castle right without the
nucleus I mean that's what everything
begins that's where the DNA is that's
what puts in sentences really its
central around I mean that's where
everything you know really counts I
started in mitochondria we don't you
know get into those details but pretty
much the Lukas is like the workers the
workers are the cell now what happens is
the more nuclei a cell has the faster
overgrowth just like the work example
earlier so even if the person and person
B do the same exercises they have the
same genetics same everything same
calorie intake
same everything if this start training
this guy is gonna hypertrophy a lot
faster than this guy even if eventually
they both get to the same size that both
gets you 200 pounds
eventually this guy would get there
faster he was the maxims potential
faster because he simply has more
workers so now what does that go to
overtraining and muscle memory things
like that they did a study to prove this
hypothesis right because it was actually
observed that if you took a group of
people and you look at this their cells
the ones went the most satellite cells
or the more nuclei in their muscle grew
the fastest people that we use to say oh
they just have good genetics but
scientists find out that a lot of these
people simply did sports or activities
that activate those muscles back in
there in the early years so people that
usually have good forearms come from I
don't know probably a lot of fun former
wars in the past where a lot of great
bring a lot of carrying people to have
great calves a lot of climbing but had
great quads a lot of sprinting that's
why if you look at a lot of people with
the best quads there were either
football players before they join
bodybuilding or rugby players you will
never see a rugby player was most small
on quads
even if he stops training and goes back
into lifting in the future first thing
that goes to the quads and then find
that almost everyone it has a genetic a
dominant body part just one way or
another when they were kids they should
use their body pulled a lot right so if
Michael Fox starts bodybuilding what
body parts gonna go too fast this is
lakhs right here using that motor
everything else so the question is now
if you want to make a month months to
grow fastest and simple increase the
amount of nucleus inside the muscle if
you could get your much little girl from
having let's say three I'm judging at
you know theoretically speaking from pea
nuclei to about eight nine or ten doing
that phase when you're increasing a
nuclei the muscle stuff won't grow but
once you have enough nuclei and you go
back to lifting heavy their muscle gonna
grow a lot faster than this one because
it has more nuclei now the question is
how to increase nuclei by overworking
the muscle by doing time on attention a
lot of repetitions we get to ten to
twelve reps we trying to exponentially
increase in the clear you really have to
do clear your glycogen stores gotta get
a lot of lactic acid like the acid a lot
of burn high repetitions
Stretford doing stop training and what's
that's gonna do is that's going to
increase not the size of the muscle but
the amount of workers which is a
prerequisite to getting bigger so they
also did this experimental rats
make sure it was applicable not just
humans but all mammals where I spent on
the video that took right and then that
did a surgery on his left leg to make it
you know be functional so the grant was
putting a lot of his work on the right
leg pretty much you know like mapping
[ __ ] overworking the right leg and after
a few weeks the right leg has a shitload
of nuclei per cell than the left leg and
believe it or not when I started doing
the little rat resistance training that
right quad will recall it grew a lot
faster so it's proven you want to make a
monster grows out of us if you have
lagging body parts simply because you
don't have a lot of nuclei in that
muscle you don't just keep lifting heavy
heavy heavy it's like giving the workers
more and more breaks right because I
said hey there's only three of us are
you trying to build a castle on that you
know a month try to increase your
workers then switch to a you know pure
muscle building phase and I'm gonna come
out with a different video after this
explaining how you can put this into a
program where you have four weeks with
just nuclei overload training is what I
call it where you just focus on increase
nuclei any lagging body parts and then
after that going through another cycle
of just you know lifting pure Harry for
our three purposes so I hope that
answers the question about and that's
also why uh muscle memory you know
existing Highclere they finally if you
take steroids or do anything that that
increases your you know nucleic
ourselves there was no subunit discussed
one what happens even if you stop
training or even up to ten years
the muscles gonna shrink but the work is
a stuck in the beating she's gonna have
a lot of nuclei and when that person
gets back into training boom that's what
it wants to grow so much faster because
it simply has no workers so that's why I
can tell you guys from day one that I
didn't know why I don't know the science
behind it but overtraining made a must
so bigger in the future I didn't know
why but finally so I tell you cannot
throw socks out the window because
eventually science will catch up and
either prove or disprove the theory or
whatever it is so I hope I covered all
the points I got another question about
how to apply that to body boys simple
just pick the muscle that's lagging over
the tricep thing I've been saying over
training training every day whatever for
as long as possible
I'd say four weeks you know to a month
max
and after that just um
back to my profits up training and yes
it is gonna go a lot faster because it
has Manu clear meaning more everything
more positive sentences everything's
gonna be faster more mitochondria
because the satellites there which is
what donates the nuclei to them to the
pre-existing so also donates you know my
new model country so you have more
energy production it's perfect it
explains everything in my view that's
why my your statin deficient cows and
humans grew so much muscle mass is also
because when you have no money stat and
you settle I successfully further crazy
the multiple other crazy and they go
into the cell and don't need nuclei
constant so the stuff grows from nothing
you know so that's the secret over you
know basic muscle growth if I have
enough time and so the rest of questions
chest biceps traps whatever it is I wish
I'm gonna so he's known around my
lagging about puppies on my back have
you seen my arms so stay tuned guys I'm
moving the question applause well it was
I just put in the comment section just
comment below hit me up on the inbox if
you have more questions about alright
guys I remember the question it was how
many sets how many reps once again the
foam experience I didn't count when I
went through my over training phase on
my triceps on my chest which is the -
body plus I really used it on my back I
didn't care about suppose I didn't [ __ ]
I was doing as many reps as I could well
you know enough way to fill something
and it works so there's no really sets
and reps that are stuck in place guys
just go hard over training one slips
over training drops is I'm a big fan of
rice and I always say you got a driver
tries to get a lactic acid buildup
freeze expand the muscle and
it's not your typical 10 to 12 hour
movie I'm gonna say that right now it's
not a typical you know growth training
but eventually like I said when you're
done building on conquer whatever I'm
not gonna grow and the second question
was do you do every day yes do it every
day have you seen your breasts dangerous
you know don't do it but if you do go
into a specialization face you want to
do what every day and stop worrying
about overtraining is known as eating
sleeping and staying hydrated I told you
guys we came from caveman who didn't
care about all today's Monday so I'm not
gonna use my chest when I go hunting
today no caveman when it was time to go
hungry she the equivalent of no hi and
say thanks I hit was sprang to catch the
thing after he'd do the spear on the way
back if you had to fight off scavengers
you will fight there was no all today's
Monday you know I'm gonna lose my chest
today's Tuesday I'm only gonna use my
quads no you know what make the million
doctor which is one of my sisters what
someone most brolic [ __ ] humans that
ever existed and they used their muscles
every [ __ ] day they had to keep
eating they have to stay alive to feed
that shoes muscle mass so they were
always moving now doesn't mean you have
to go super heavy
every single time protect your joints
but enough to stimulate you know
biogenesis and all that [ __ ] and the
third thing was yes that's the reason
why steroid users grow so fast because
testosterone injections also increase
your nuclei have much faster rate so
that's why they give big so fast and you
know eventually when they come back to
mid-day even after a long break its
therapist nuclei started all right so
that's three questions I forgot to
answer I'm gonna have that to the video
I'm not Natalia I know I said shut up
come here baby come here
amen
you do a few tricks
