all right guys what's going on Megan
here before I start the series quick
overview the point first the purpose of
the series is to get the fact straight
right there's a lot of confusion in the
fitness or whatever industry muscle
building um sphere about how and why
muscles grow right and I don't blame you
guys right there's you ask five
different people the same question even
if they both have muscle mask they'll
give you three different answers right
you ask top scientists top experts the
same question
right some of the responses might be the
same but you're not going to get the
exact same response from every top
expert right you pull up five random
textbook some exercise science or human
physiology whatever and you look at the
conclusion on five the same five topics
you get different answers right the
middle the the call is usually the same
but the details always [ __ ] vary and
it's very frustrating especially when a
guy who does a lot of research I'm I'm I
feel your pain guys go on scholar Google
go on any legit source and you will see
different responses on the same problem
but but the core elements that that I
mentioned earlier remain the same right
the core elements remain the same uh the
basics right hyper the basics of
hypertrophy will always remain the same
and that's what I always look at I don't
have time to to listen to the scientists
debate you know with each other you know
they always [ __ ] arguing this study
disproof this study and this study says
that this study is full of hemorrhoids
and this other study says that this guy
doesn't have a good license whatever I
don't have time for that right so I
focus on the core elements the things
that they all [ __ ] agree on that's my
basic philosophy on Research right look
for what they all agree on right what
they disagree on they'll they'll you
know figure it out sooner or later and
and as long as you you focus on the
basic principles you will always draw
good conclusions right n out of 10 times
and that's that's more than enough for
me so let's get the facts straight first
I'm trying to get the facts out to you
guys so you don't have to worry these
are and when I say facts I mean [ __ ]
facts right this is stuff that I don't
care where in the word you go no one
will say the opposite right so we're
just going to focus on pure facts that
they all agree on and unless you know
these facts you would never understand
one my a lot of my videos and you never
understand basic you know how Cy why do
muscles go you never really understand
that unless you got those facts down
back fact number one satellite cells are
[ __ ] everything guys I want y'all to
understand that you don't understand how
important this is make sure this is on
the satellite cells are everything
they're really stem cells I'm going to
go into the details later on but you
have to understand this I'm putting this
as fact number one I don't want to order
the facts I don't want to rank them from
like one to five whatever but if I had
to this would be the most important
thing right and I'm showing you a
picture of uh this is a basic muscle
cell right I'm just I'm trying to
oversimplify everything so everybody can
understand this is a basic um a cell you
see I'm making up numbers right three
satellite cells right three three nuclei
which is the pl the plural for nucleus
you see three right that's the most
cells only have one most cell only have
one nucleus right muscle cells are
different than the rest of the body
because they have multiple nuclei right
multiple and you see what you see out
here that's satellite cells right
there's more than that but once again
I'm keeping it simple they satellite
cells they stem cells meaning they
they're doing right they're not
activated yet they're not turning into
your you know your eyes your nose every
cell of the body you know has to come
from a stem cell right stem cell that
differentiates itself and becomes a nose
uh a [ __ ] hair cell you know your
teeth whatever these guys are are quiet
they're not activated yet right so they
just and we call them satellite cuz you
know they're around the muscles so like
a [ __ ] satellite and [ __ ] but anyway
and when you work out when you actually
train and cause micro tears right Dam
Dage these [ __ ] go to the
source of the you know wherever the
damage is let's say you did like bicep
curls and you [ __ ] up the cell right
here most other cells of the body can
just uh you know divide and multiply
muscle cells can't do that right so
satellite cells have to go in they have
to Pro you know proliferate have to
multiply go there fuse into my blast and
repair the damage right and that's how
your muscles get bigger and bigger over
time everybody knows that right but
that's what what split that's why you go
to anybody and you find a way to make
the satellite cells not work not only
there will waste to way but when they
have damage there won't be any repair
going on because satellite cells are
everything right they need to go to the
source of injury let's see right here
they will proliferate there multiply
fuse whatever they will donate a new
nucleus which will allow the muscle cell
to grow right that's so you see first
here the steps of hypertrophy right cell
one cell two cell three right the at
first it's just chilling three satellite
cells three nuclei inside I mean guys
and some on the outside you do some
bicep curls whatever you tear that [ __ ]
sh the satellite cells will multiply
they'll go inside whatever and they'll
donate new nuclei you see that [ __ ] it's
the same cell this one has about three
once again I'm making them numbers this
one has a whole bunch right once the
cell has this new nuclei and why is the
nuclear so important it's because that's
where the DNA is that's where protein
synthesis starts right so anyway once
the cell has all this extra nucle nuclei
then it can begin to grow right they can
these each of these can start
synthesizing proteins and make the cell
bigger right so first I want you guys to
understand as very I'm trying to keep it
as simple as possible there's a lot more
going on but once again I want to
simplify for a basic audience so recap
satellite cells are stem cells right
meaning they they have no identity for
us they don't know if they're going to
become eyes hair teeth whatever they're
just chilling around the muscle cell
right when you experience damage or
micro tear the cell needs to grow it
needs to repair Stu but it it's limited
to the amount of nucleus nuclei that it
has so these sacrificial [ __ ]
is volunteer that nucleus right they go
inside that donate the nuclei so now you
have this step right here and they allow
the muscle cell to grow bigger so first
understand it that's fact number one
without satellite cells your muscles
cannot grow that's what in fact that's
what that's what testosterone does this
what steroids do steroids speed up the
whole activity of satellite cells right
igf1 all that [ __ ] you hear about in in
um science circles May Statin you know
the number one muscle stopper right
that's what the name stand for myio
Statin May stop satellite cells from
proliferating so you don't get too
[ __ ] made that's people that are M
deficient right or that have M stand um
mutation where the myand is kind of like
you see inactive or whatever have in
ridiculous muscle MK I made a video
about that right because it's all about
satellite cells yes
maybe all right so testosterone that's
how testosterone helps you grow I'm
going to make a video about the St later
on that's how my St stops you from
growing all that [ __ ] satellit says
everything P all right let's move on
let's Implement that
yeah another thing worth mentioning when
you hear people uh I'm I mentioned that
in over training video when you have
people that have good
genetics scientists call them higher
responders right meaning you take them
you make them do the same exercise that
another person is doing and they grow a
lot faster right higher responders we
call them easy gam whatever you want to
fight CER it simply means they have more
satellite cells than the average person
so if I'm a high responder and and um
say I'm a low responder [ __ ] it I'll be
the high responder say I'm a high
responder and hza is the low responder
right even though he's like T my size
say the Lord respond and me and him do
the same routine we lift the same way we
train the same way set purpose
everything else equal right because
because I'm a high responder I have more
satellite cells than H then what's going
to happen when we both do the that bicep
Cur and we tear down the muscle fibus
because I have more satellite cell it's
going to be more proliferation more
differentiation more nuclei and I'm
going to grow a lot faster the low
respon [ __ ] even though he's
doing the exact same things in the saric
cus because he does not have as many
satellite cells as I do he won't have as
much nuclear I do and he's going to grow
a lot slower that's why I tell people
that are many factors to build muscle
other than just you know cic Surplus and
this and this and that those things are
very important but unless you understand
how calized cells work you you you'll be
like why is why am I eating better than
this guy and he's growing faster right
and say he just has better genetics no
[ __ ] he has more satellite cells
and I explained to you how satellite
cells can be increase even if you start
off as a low responder you can end up a
high responder by training more [ __ ]
frequently and by there's a lot of other
I want to make part six and seven is
going to focus on how to increase your
satellite cell pool CU there are ways of
doing this very easy I mean that's why
you able to grow and get bigger you
start off very skinny I was 140 lb I
told you guys 142 lb 20 years of age 15%
body fat now I'm around 80% body F 200
lb you do the math that's 45 lb let's be
nice take away 5 that's 40 lbs of muscle
would to put on and that would be
impossible without satellite cells so
theoretically so if you take me now you
put me in the study they'll say oh this
guy's a higher responder he has more
satellite cells when no [ __ ] if
you took me when I was 142 pounds I
would have been a low responder so
understand the RO satellite cells play
right
[Music]
next lazy person I still am and I
believe that lazy people have the most
potential out of
every in fact the reason why we so lazy
because is have to believe it or not
