hey guys going on making here you're
gonna love this video no one what is my
stand it's a gene right so gene codes
for the protein of my starting and this
is all you need to know or I'm gonna
skip a lot of details to keep it as
short as possible right let me set this
[ __ ] timer number one it [ __ ] up
your satellite cell activation
if you watch my videos you know I'm big
on satellite sales and their
contribution to muscle growth it [ __ ]
our protein sentences it [ __ ] up your
insulin sensitivity gives you type 2
diabetes and [ __ ] right it increases
your protein breakdown which leads so
obviously muscle loss it prevents
hyperplasia and it pretty much it's
pretty much the reason for the three
grams rule I made a video about this
years ago where if your body's
synthesize 3 grams of protein a day
right new protein a day you will put on
a pound of muscle each month and
obviously a lot of us eat 150 to even
300 grams of protein a day but none of
us are putting on a pound of muscle a
month why is that even though we only
need 3 grams of protein why is that
my style is 90% responsible for and I'm
gonna read about that years ago you guys
will check it out so let's get to it
right I'm gonna show you some low my
style examples so this is what happens
right West Africans I should genetically
predisposed to having my style mutations
right so they have either low my sign or
they have mutations of the myostatin
gene which is why West Africans and West
African descendants which are African
Americans but this [ __ ] jackass
doctor do a [ __ ] slavery because even
the people sub-saharan Africans who had
never involved in slavery still have
this phenomenon and again it's not all
West Africans just the biggest majority
of them and there's a lot of studies on
that you could look it up except me of
course
cuz I just happened to have the worst
[ __ ] West I forget you that except
for next ok so if you ever wondering why
black people get so Jack out of [ __ ]
nowhere and if you visit Africa you know
what I'm talking about
you go to West Africa you're gonna see
some jack [ __ ] who'd never
lifted a weight in their [ __ ] life
next up is mutant case I'm pretty sure
you guys have seen a documentaries a lot
of these guys that were pretty much born
with low miles stand on my stand
efficiencies you got the baby on the
left side which [ __ ] jacked his [ __ ]
look at his calves look at his quads you
know only in only 7 months old then you
got the kid on the right this was I
think he was a Russian
someone somewhere in the Russian area
Jack as [ __ ] same day my stand efficacy
there's a bunch of them you know just go
online and look at next up you got you
and rats right there being genetically
engineered so I've loved my son look at
him one on the left compared to one on
the right both the same age obviously
one is a lot more jacked than the other
one you and Bulls right this is the
famous Belgian Blue bull this is not
Photoshop they're all jacked and a
[ __ ] again one you my stylist
low your muscle just [ __ ] grow they
just [ __ ] grow right that's what my
son does it stops your monsters from
growing from getting too big so it has
nothing to do with training there's
nothing to do it but ever you could just
if you have low my son you could just
sit on yes all day and your muscle just
[ __ ] grow next up you got a mutant
dogs again look at the difference here
now let's look at some harm I'll stand
examples weapon when you have higher
that was in my side women have higher
levels of my standing man they also have
a lot more up to twice as many my stand
receptors as men do which is why it
doesn't matter how hard a woman trains
how much testosterone she takes she
would never put on the same amount of
muscle pretty much if you take the the
woman with the best muscle building
genetics of the planet and you also
check the guy with the possibility netic
the guy will always be bigger right and
it's not just estas for him because even
if she injects a lot of testosterone she
would never be able to put on as much
size as that guy on the same thing so
it's my son that plays the biggest role
next all people when people aged at
minus 10 levels go up you know which
obviously reduces the amount of muscle
mass even if they keep training and
obviously a hormones play part as well
astronauts when they go in space and
come back they lose a lot of [ __ ]
size you know it's a very very big issue
and they try to exercise about that
space you know because my Stan goes
through the roof when you are when you
suspended you know when it's been you
know low gravity environment
South Asians that genetically have lower
my signs all my stand mutations umbrella
the rest of the population
where did my science sorry to actually
higher than most other population which
is why it's very hard for South Asians
to put on socks and again this is just
you know in general right the your
outliers they're able to put on mass but
if you were wondering why is it there
South Asians you know
we'll be skinny and have low body mass
lean body mass my stand plays a huge
role and this has been research so you
could look it up batter it in people in
cast wheelchairs same thing right if
you've been by reading for a long time
the reason why your leg strength is
because you're my style levels go
through the [ __ ] roof
she put on a cast or if you're on a
wheelchair same thing happens now the
ten fastest ways to lower my stand
let's go over them one you got father
stand again same thing just like my
stand it's a gene right I closed for
protein and what that protein does is it
attaches to my restarting and it stops
my sign from binding to its own receptor
so long story short it's the number one
inhibitor of my style number two yeah
you [ __ ] guessed it nucleus [ __ ]
overload nucleus overload Louis my stand
why because the more frequently you
train the people must drop in my stand
after work after workout only lasts for
about eight to twelve hours for most
people the longer you've been training
same thing which is one of the reasons
why protein sentences also Peaks within
a 24-hour period if you advanced
mechanic growth factor you know which is
a variant of a igf-1 same thing it's one
of the biggest inhibitors of my stand
they have you know competing mechanisms
on on the human body and they're also
peak about 12 to 24 hours after you
train so after you workout you get that
you get a huge drop in my style and
within 8 to 12 hours it's back to
baseline so you got a train frequently
to keep those levels low which is why
the nucleus of a little work so [ __ ]
well you know and it's funny everybody's
[ __ ] talk my high frequency training
now [ __ ] out of here
next full body workouts right studies
I've been you know studies have been
done on this full body training gives
you a bigger reduction in my wrists and
then just doing this play routine or
just training your little body in fact
it's in order number one is full-body
training number two lower body trainings
if you train lags and stuff like that
you get a huge drive in my style and
last place is if you just train your
body so it's in that specific order so
if you want the biggest drop in my stand
you gotta do full body workouts I've
been preaching about this [ __ ] for
[ __ ] years and I love that the
science is coming out now to confirm it
next eccentrics or very high volume so
if you're doing heavy negatives heavy
centric so I made a video on that you're
gonna get a bigger drop in my stand and
if she was doing concentric now if you
equate the volume so if you lift more
ways and do double volume on your
concentric then you're able to match
them I'll stay and drop all right so
it's one of the other don't start to do
both you didn't do eccentrics or you do
very high volume on the kinetics for
your mind style that was to drive
anabolic hormones yeah I'm not so much
steroids even though steroids you know
or anabolic hormones in a dual of my
stat and you guys know I [ __ ] hate
steroids so when I say anabolic hormones
I mean naturally so try to optimize your
testosterone levels are gf1 making a
growth factor growth on all of that good
[ __ ] so don't let nobody tell you that
with making progress in the natural
range it's not gonna make a change if
you think that's complete [ __ ] it
does have a carryover as long as it's
significant next like the guy said more
and more research is coming out showing
that lactic I said from obviously
training your fasters muscles feeling
the burn whatever actually leads to a
huge drop in my side so the bros were
right all a [ __ ] long and Tom Platt
was obviously wanted to the best legs
it's not the best legs in bodybuilding
history was very big on maximizing that
pain maximizing that lactic acid and of
course you know he had the best legs and
he showed a sport and I don't want to
[ __ ] hear steroids because not
everybody on steroids had chomp last
legs
I know mr. genetics either because if
you look at genetics before he started
lifting there was nowhere nowhere
indicative of the physic that he built
see it selecting I said increase the
father sigh and Louis my Stein
next high-protein diet has been shown to
lower my stand mainly leucine right she
has to be a die-hard leucine obviously
eggs stuff like that whey protein next
caffeine has been shown by research to
lower my my style or improving the
faster into my stand ratio creatine has
been shown several times to lower my
side a peak at 10 and I can't pronounce
this [ __ ] pick a 10 and whatever but
this one is actually in duelist
more research coming out on this so I'll
be a lot more skeptical because it's
fairly new but it's been shown to lower
my stand as well and it's mainly found
in dark chocolate and green tea it's a
conclusion my stand is bad you want to
lower that [ __ ] how do you do it train
more frequently full body workouts focus
on the negatives all do very high volume
go for the burn optimize your hormones
pretty much every car Reese was gonna
have to optimize your hormones so sleep
eat you know stuff like that stress
management eat a high-protein diet
supplement with creatine caffeine or if
you ballsy it picked up [ __ ]
whatever now I'm not saying it's gonna
give you a Kevin tehrani physic but I
had to put something out there so that's
it guys hope you enjoy the video I like
the goddamn video subscribe to my [ __ ]
hit the bell email me for one-on-one
coaching HSP training programs or mail
plants all subscribers get 40% off hate
me up especially if you're skinny as
[ __ ] or fat as [ __ ] I'm out of here guys
