hey guys what's up Megan here Mayo
Staten let's talk Mayo Staten it's the
it's not only it's the buzz you know
it's the talk of the day among U
physiology journals and things like that
but uh uh a lot of magazines and
supplement companies are hopping on that
and that's why it's very important to do
your own research before you you become
fooled by all these companies trying to
sell you [ __ ] anyway in case I'm pretty
sure you guys know where my St is if you
don't my Statin is the biggest thing to
building muscle and right it is the one
of the most things it's up there with
testosterone because uh even though it's
different uh my St is actually negative
right it's a negative regulator of
muscle mass meaning it you know it's
catabolic it it pre it prevents it
limits how big you can get right if you
have a lot of uh it's a protein Gene
right it's a protein Gene it's not a
hormone it's a protein Gene and um the
the higher your my Statin and in the
muscle and the blood whatever the less
muscle you can build and I'm pretty sure
if you have hav if you have you haven't
doesn't matter uh you heard of the
Belgium bull um I'm going to put the
picture on the screen you see how
massive that [ __ ] is and know it's not
Photoshop it's a mutation where a lot of
animals mammals most likely uh either
have no myat and Gene or have a Mya Gene
that is uh that is depressed that
doesn't work you know that is not
responsive and those
animals minus any exercise minus any
physical you know ity uh more than their
peers have insane amass of muscle mass
right uh there also the the dog I'm
going to put the picture right here Ric
ass dog mad [ __ ] diesel right and
once again this dog also has a m
deficiency uh there's also the foury old
kid I'm pretty sure he's full now the
German boy going to put his picture here
you see his [ __ ] legs massive you
know like I think seven or eight months
he was already old muscular and [ __ ] and
and now I think four years of age he's
able to do things that most people twice
his age can even do uh he's also has a m
stat and efficiency um you also have
rats right rats that did experiments on
where they they either remove the myat
ande or they suppressed it and in a
matter of weeks muscle mass double some
in some cases triple so my stat is in
humans in mammals we all have it and you
know Studies have been done the the
higher your my Statin concentration the
last mon actually get put on doesn't
matter how [ __ ] hard you train and
the least your might Staten um is uh
you're going to put a lot of muscle even
if you don't train like that [ __ ]
baby didn't train so uh it's it's the
object of a lot of studies a lot of
people are studying right now cuz
companies are trying to make money money
off that [ __ ] trying to make my stat and
blockers and a lot of them are in the
market and I don't I don't I don't I
don't believe that [ __ ] I don't believe
that uh that work I'm I'm pretty sure
it's like a placebo thing but some
probably do do work but uh because
research is still being done on it I
don't want to jop to any conclusions and
buy any any of that [ __ ] and I don't
advise anybody to buy any of that [ __ ]
all I'm saying is you should be aware of
myat and do some research on it find out
what it is uh and there are natural ways
to inhibit it obviously post workout
when you finish training that there
studies on people but as soon as you
finish training your my stat uh is low
uh and after that it goes back up
obviously and they also the studies this
is an interesting study uh I might make
a video about that where they find out
the best way to train to lower May
Staten I'm going to make a video about
that soon so stay tuned and um remember
do your own research guys don't buy into
everything you hear out there yes Myan
is real but not every Myan blacker out
there is a
my all right guys I'm out
