and last but not least
ass cheer cause of porn addiction
hey guys going on Megan here porn
addiction is destroying men especially
young men in fact every time I put a
poll up and ask you guys to vote on
which video you want me to do next when
it comes to masculinity and
self-improvement more often than not the
answer is not muscle growth for
testosterone or even money it's porn
addiction some sources report that one
in every five man is addicted to porn
some studies State one in every 10 men
but either way you look at it it's a
serious issue just like any other
addiction of course and I know how
serious it is because I myself struggled
with porn from the time I was 11 all the
way to my late teens early 20s right it
was destroying my life if you guys want
I could make a separate video where I
tell you guys some of the hilarious
stories of the [ __ ] I had to go through
when I was addicted to porn I laugh
every time I think about it but at the
time it was not funny think think about
it guys 11 years old addicted to porn
all the way until late change early 20s
it was a disaster I couldn't focus on
anything it consumed my day destroyed my
confidence my self-esteem and what's
worse is that I had no one to guide me
through this process guys my point
Edition was so bad during that time when
I was in New York City that sometimes
that I would do anything I could do to
get my hands on some [ __ ] porn right
it was so bad because back then and then
it was slow as [ __ ] I think we had like
dial up and some [ __ ] so I would be on
bang bus I'll be on the hottest porn
site and I would be so [ __ ] mad cause
I'm here trying to get my nut off and
the [ __ ] connection with the
connection we keep going you know uh in
and out and it would drive me insane so
then I would literally turn off the
computer that I would go to the library
think about that for a second I would go
to the [ __ ] Library it used to be
called St George Library I would never
forget that this is me at [ __ ] 12 13
years old and I would find a way to
sneak in there and grab rated R movies
right movies that I didn't give a [ __ ]
about I was just graduating movies make
sure there was a sex scene in that movie
then I would I would sneak out with it
because they're not gonna let the 13
year old take a radar movie I will sneak
out with it I'll have an older friend uh
put in his library card because back
then you could actually get uh movies
and division from the library I don't
know if you still can but whatever I
will bring it back to my house I will
fast forward to the [ __ ] sex scene
because I didn't give a [ __ ] about the
movie and then I would beat my meat
that's how bad my addiction was I would
go through all of this [ __ ] because I
was like man [ __ ] the slow ass internet
man I want some porn and I would
literally come up with strategic ways to
get porn right there's another time when
I was on a ferry the Staten Island Ferry
because if you live in Staten Island you
got to grab the ferry to go from Staten
Island to Manhattan and back and forth
and my addiction was so bad I was just
sitting on the I think it was like a 20
or 30 minute ride so I'm sitting there
on this [ __ ] boat and I'm just losing
my [ __ ] thinking about porn and I
literally went downstairs to the
bathroom and beat my meat in the [ __ ]
ferry in the bathroom guys I have so
many stories on like how bad my point
addiction was which is why I'm so
passionate about helping guys overcome
their addiction because I know what it's
like so long story short yes porn
addiction is that destructive and I'm
gonna show you guys how I finally broke
free and how my life changed so much as
a result when you finally conquer porn
addiction your confidence goes back up
your energy comes back to your
self-esteem comes back and more
importantly you you just feel free you
feel liberated you have time to work on
other things and do other things in life
you don't have to worry about your
testosterone going up and down and you
put locked in being up and down
throughout the day you don't have to
worry about any of this [ __ ] but before
I go further I want to remind you guys
that most of the advice on Pawn
addiction out there is garbage straight
I can't [ __ ] stand it that's why I
have so many videos bashing no fat
bashing semen retention guys all these
guys have good intentions but they are
so clueless about
the root causes upon addiction the
Neuroscience upon addiction the history
upon addiction that they're trying to
help you but it's really deleting the
blind God that's why I struggled upon
Edition for so long because even back
people think no fat person though it's
not new at all even back then in my
teens people are recommending no fat
that ain't calling nofap but it was the
same premise right they were recommend
they see me or retention all that [ __ ]
guys those things don't work they work
for a few weeks a few months but after
that you guys my longest streak was six
months I went I did six months of nofap
and I thought yeah you know this thing
is working it was all Placebo after that
I relapsed my friends that had the same
issue same thing right you get the
placebo effect at first you think it's
working then eventually you find out
that it's just a temporary solution
because it does not address the root
cause in most cases nofap and semen
retention actually makes the problem
worse it gives you this false sense of
hope but because it's built off of a
shitty premise it eventually does not
yield long-lasting effects and that's
not just my anecdotes Melody that people
can confirm this right and the reason
why most of the advice out there on porn
addiction is so bad is because it does
not address the root cause upon
addiction they try to tackle porn itself
they try to tackle porn addiction itself
which is not the way you go about it you
want to identify the root cause
eliminate the root cause deal with the
root causes and then eventually Pawn
addiction itself will die down right
it's a symptom porn addiction is a
symptom of underlying problems it's not
the problem itself right if I stab you
every [ __ ] morning and you bleed the
problem is not you bleeding right
bleeding is not the issue if anything is
possibly after getting sad right the
issue is my dumbass stabbing you every
day right you're not gonna get up every
day and say man I don't understand why
am I bleeding so much I gotta stop
bleeding what is going on no you're
gonna look at me and say uh Megan can
you please stop stabbing me my Goddamn
leg so people who try to fix spawn
addiction by addressing porn itself upon
addiction itself uh clueless because
it's just a symptom so that's where this
chill list comes in and they still want
to show you guys the 20 most popular
quote-unquote causes of porn addiction
and as always I'm going to use the
Pareto Principle to narrow it down and
show you guys the biggest culprits right
the causes that are most responsible for
Pawn addiction so that you can actually
address them directly all right let's
start with the first one by the way
shout out to Ferry for making this tier
list shout out to the volunteers who are
actually helping in producing these
videos all right let's get started low
self-esteem I'm gonna put that believe
it or not in Beach here it's a beach
here course right it's not as high as
most people think because you can have
high self-esteem and still struggle upon
addiction trust me and I'm gonna explain
why later on so low self-esteem although
it's something you should obviously work
on is the BH course there are a lot of
people out there with high self-esteem
trust me I have so many friends with
high confidence High self-esteem they're
not faking it either and they're still
addicted to porn right so it's one of
the contributing causes right but it's
not the main one next trauma I'm gonna
put the SC chair guys this is over the
drama is overrated as a cause for porn
addiction again you could be a normal
functioning human with a normal
childhood and still be addicted to porn
and again I'm going to explain why later
obviously if you dramatize that's going
to increase the odds of being addicted
to porn but it's not a major
contributing factor once again as I said
prior
you could have zero significant trauma
but pretty much everybody's [ __ ]
traumatized if you think about it but
you could have zero [ __ ] trauma and
still develop upon addiction next
loneliness I'm gonna put that in s chair
right primarily known as I'm about to
nut category but obviously I had to
change the name for the sake of the
Steelers but anyway loneliness is in
astir as a root cause for for porn
addiction in fact when I make a video
going over the solutions when I actually
rank the solutions to fix spawn
addiction to fix the root causes one of
them is you cannot be alone most of this
I'm not I don't understand possible I
know it's very hard to always be
surrounded by people but guys I cannot
stress this enough being home alone at
that is one of the worst things you
could do as a man not just for Pawn
addiction not just whatever you do not
want to be home alone most of the time
as a male and I can give you many
reasons why right we did not evolve to
be alone we evolve to be in social
groups we've all to be surrounded by
friends or surrounded by family right to
being being alone is one of the worst
things you could do to a human being for
his mental health for his triple escort
I could go on and on there's a reason
why they use solitary confinement as a
way to punish the quote-unquote toughest
guys in prison right a lot of the issues
that are plaguing men today could be
linked to loneliness mainly being home
alone I can't stand it when I speak to
young men and I ask them what do you
spend most of your day and oh yeah I'm
home doing XYZ what get your ass outside
well if you're going to be home surround
yourself with people friends family I
don't care and like I said it's such a
huge topic I can make it an entire video
on how detrimental being home alone is
not just to your health your mental
health your physical health your future
your self-improvement journey this is
the silent killer and if you think about
it think about most of the time you beat
your meat most of the time you're
addicted to porn right what were the
circumstances if you think about it you
are alone right because most people I
don't want to say nobody because a lot
of you guys are weird as [ __ ] but most
people don't just pull out the dicks
stop being in me to porn all day long
surrounded by individuals right no one
just goes hey guys you know what are we
doing today oh by the way hold on pull
that dick out and start whacking up it
doesn't work like that most of the time
when you sit there and consume porn for
hours or whatever you alone but anyway I
could talk more on loneliness important
Addiction in a separate video next
stress I'm gonna put stress in seat here
right because guys you could be stressed
the [ __ ] out and so not be addicted to
porn right life fish stressful humans
evolved to live under copious amounts of
stress right but it's still not a
contributing factor a major contributing
factor to porn addiction yes obviously
if you stress you're more likely to
develop addictions but the link between
stress and pollen addiction is not as
strong as most people think it is in
fact it's as simple as this most people
today are stressed especially in uh in
the west most people are stressed but
not but most people are not addicted to
porn next boredom I'm gonna put that in
s tier boredom is one of the worst
things next to loneliness right in fact
the two go hand in hand
that you can experience as a human not
just a man you do not want to be bored
if you're bored if you tell me hey I'm
bored something is wrong with your daily
routine something is wrong with your
mission in life your or lack thereof
your goals you should never ever ever
have goals so small that you can afford
to be bored should never ever be bored
if you're dealing with porn addiction
and you add boredom on top of that or
that's like adding fuel to the fire
because remember guys the human male is
built for sex acquisition our entire
biology and our entire neurology is
literally designed for us to pursue sex
watch my video on nofap and semen
retention and and I have a lot more
coming up but we are built literally I'm
not making this up for sex acquisition
for my head to a [ __ ] toe it's in our
DNA right the pursuit of cheeks the
pursuit of sex is what makes the world
go around it's literally what built the
world if you go back to 10 000 BC 5000
BC 3000 BC Medieval Times all the way to
today the stats don't lie ends crazy
desire to clap Cheeks is literally what
built the world right so if you're not
channeling that energy
that drive into being more productive
into a business into uh you know a
venture a huge goal your default state
is going to revert to chasing cheeks
right and if you can't access it what
are you gonna do again you're gonna
consume porn I can show you the entire
structure of the human brain and show
you how every single pathway links back
to the hypothalamus's control of your
sex drive and why is that why are we so
obsessed with sex as a species by the
way there's nothing wrong with that
simply symbols because if humans do not
continue to have sex every day every
week every month the entire human race
goes extinct in less than 100 years
think about that millions of years of
Revolution will come down to a
screeching halt if men stop chasing and
clapping cheeks today 50 years will be
functionally extinct and in a hundred
years give or take 10 years will be
completely gone so that's not crucial
Texas and which is why men are so
hypersexual but the goal is not to turn
off that sex drive no that's the last
thing you want to do in fact one of the
biggest predictors of success is sex
drive but again I'll address that in
separate videos you don't want to turn
that off you want to channel that right
I want you to have a high sex drive in
fact I want you to have the highest sex
drive possible right that's one of the
reason why testosterone exists but what
I don't want is for you to be a slave of
that sex drive to the point where you
staring at Pawn all day you're staring
at pixels all day and you can't get
anything done but anyway do not be bored
because you're because you will revert
to your default state which is Pawn
conception sex consumption next genetics
I'm gonna put that at Sea chair again
obviously genetics plays a role in
Poland Edition because let's be honest
genetics plays a role in everything you
could think about everything is part
genetics part environment uh right Paul
nature part nurture but it does not play
as much of a role because if you travel
the world you go to Africa you go to
America you go to Asia you look at
people all over the world regardless of
genetics it's the same patterns it's the
same groups of people people that tend
to become addicted to porn which is
usually young high testosterone men
right regardless of genetics now of
course there's going to be some
variations right if you have genetic
polymorphisms in your dopamine receptors
your prolactin receptors your enzymes
that make prolactin and estrogen and
astrodog remember estrogen plays a huge
role in sex drive obviously that's going
to influence how intense your porn
addiction is going to be or how addicted
to sex should be which is the only
reason why I'm not putting it lower but
the link between genetics and pone
addiction is not as high as some make it
out to be it's there but it's not as
high next addiction to drugs after it's
the FJ calls right I know a lot of
people who are addicted to porn and what
not addicted to drugs at all or never
had a history drugs you could use me as
an example I don't like using n equals
one it's a small sample size but from
the time to from the time I was 11
onward when I was addicted to porn I had
consumed no drugs and again it's not
just me you could look at surveys you
could look at other studies right
although a link a small link exists
obviously if you addicted to drugs
you're going to tend to do things that
lead
to the development of upon addiction but
that's not a major major cause upon
addiction next environmental factors no
I'm putting that [ __ ] FJ right no
it's not the environment that's out of
nowhere mysteriously making man more
addicted to porno men are being addicted
to porn since the beginning of time you
could go back and you guys know I'm a
military history nerd right so I'm
always going to bring that up you could
go back and look at the old kingdoms you
could look at ancient Egypt you could
look at ancient Rome ancient Greece you
could look at ancient Babylon humans
even in even the South America even the
ancient South American kingdoms humans
have been addicted with porn and sex
since the beginning of time so it's not
it's nothing new it's not the
environment obviously the environment
can make it worse but don't fall into
this trap of believing that this is a
new phenomenon we have more access to it
now but back in the days you'd be
surprised of what uh ancient men did to
quote unquote consume porn they would
peek through Windows they would draw it
on the wall they will [ __ ] make cave
paintings and [ __ ] God this is not New
You are not alone as a male if you think
that uh you know if you did to the porn
because once again this it's the term
Point addiction I hate that term myself
right because men are not addicted to
porn we addicted to sex right the reason
we consume porn is because Hey look it's
the closest [ __ ] thing right in fact
if you stop watching porn for the rest
of your life and you walk outside and
you see your neighbor clapping his
girlfriend right there on the [ __ ]
concrete what are you gonna do you're
gonna look before you go back in your
car right No One's Gonna keep walking
and pretend like they're not looking
you'll be like oh God damn he's tearing
that [ __ ] up right you just watch porn
right watch it on your phone or the
computer does not make it exclusive to
all it's only Paul when it's on the
computer no no like humans obsessed with
sex right if you're driving and then you
stop at a stoplight and you look over
and you see the person next to you is
getting his dick sucked by his
girlfriend or he's clapping her cheeks
your first reaction is going to be to
look after that you might look away but
your brain is going to be like look at
this look at this look at this the brain
is obsessed with sex guys right but
anyway next anxiety and depression I'm
going to put that at H here right the
reason I'm not putting higher is because
sometimes when people are depressed that
sex drive actually plummets and they
become actually less addicted to porn
right so that's one of the reasons why
it's not higher is because uh anxiety
and depression can actually lower your
sex drive and eventually lower your
consumption of porn or your opponent
addiction but the reverse is also true
right being anxious and depressed can
actually lead to you being lonely and
bored which can then make you come so
important if the hormonal factors are in
place which I'm going to get to soon
next sexual dissatisfaction I'm gonna
put that at H here right think about it
and for sexual dissatisfaction I'm
referring to two things right one being
dissatisfied with your own partner or
two not having access to sex in the
first place right or the kind of sex
that you want obviously that's the ha
cause because most of the times when
people consume porn or become addicted
to porn is because they're not getting
the sex that they actually want from
their partner oh they don't even have a
partner to begin with right that's why I
would say again people are not addicted
to the porn they're actually addicted to
sex and if they can't get sex then their
results are born right if you were
surrounded by the hottest women on the
planet all day long you spend very
little time watching porn you forget
that XVideos [ __ ] exist right because
you'd be clapping the cheeks of the
women who are around you next
psychological Escape I'm gonna put that
at age here that is very true that's a
very big cause a lot of times people
just become addicted to porn or consume
Corpus amounts of porn to escape from
reality right and you could also tie
this down to loneliness and boredom
right if you're lonely and bored you
more likely to want to escape from
whatever shitty environment uh you've
created for yourself or you ended up in
next accessibility I'm gonna put that at
beach here right I'm not yes we have
more access to porn than ever before but
like I said even back in the days when
uh people did not have access to
pornography today people were still
addicted guys men were looking for
everywhere they could men were looking
at magazines men were doing the [ __ ] I
was doing with you going to the library
and grabbing rated all movies and fast
forwarding to the [ __ ] sex scene men
were drunk even if you go to prison what
a lot of guys do that literally ask the
best animator the guy who's really good
at drawing to draw pictures of women or
vaginas that they whack off to all day
men will find any means necessary to
consume porn right so yeah the
smartphone made it easily accessible but
even but I remember even when I was in
eighth grade in Manhattan Harlem New
York I I was 11 years old at the time my
friends were about 13 right and we were
literally they would go online and print
out Dragon Ball Z hand side pictures and
they would sell it for a dollar they
were hustling Dragon Ball Z hentai
pictures I'm talking about pictures of
Bulma getting [ __ ] [ __ ] Chichi guys
boys and men will find porn you cannot
stop them so it's not just because it's
more accessible okay you could delete
the internet men would start drawing
porn right so I'm putting in that beach
here because yes you know it is more
accessible than ever before but I'm not
going to put it higher simply because
even if you make it less accessible
[ __ ] will find a way to get their Pawn
fixed next next impulsivity so I'm gonna
put that at eight here absolutely right
having bad self-control being very
impulsive it's obviously a big cause
upon addiction right if you can't
regulate your emotions obviously you
[ __ ] you know you you're gonna you're
gonna succumb to every addiction that
sat there is all right so I wanted to
put that higher but right so if you low
income insurance business Boeing
industriousness or if you have the
warrior Gene rs4680 you know the comt
polymorphism watch the video I have on
that if you're impossible then you're
the number one candidate for Pawn
addiction and obviously addiction of you
know obviously addiction or other things
next procrastination I'm gonna put that
at beach here the only reason I'm even
putting it relatively high is because
yeah if you're progress in a lot it's
going to lead to the higher root cause
right you're going to lead to being
right you're going to end up bored
you're going to end up depressed and
anxious right because people who are
chronic procrastinators tend to have
issues getting things done which leads
to a lower Triple S score which
obviously leads to loneliness and
boredom but I'm not going to put it
higher than this because you could
procrastinate and not be addicted to
porn right it's not a solid link next no
purpose I'm gonna put that at s tier
having no purpose in life is one of the
biggest root causes of porn addiction
because remember like I said earlier
when you loneliness and boredom segments
if you have no purpose is think about it
you're going to be lonely most of the
time you're going to be bored you're
going to look for a psychological Escape
I mean having no purpose will once again
make you revert to your default state
which is sex acquisition chasing sex and
you're going to be frustrated because
again you have no purpose so you're
going left and right you're going full
circle it's going to lead to frustration
and you're going to look for ways to
release that frustration which is you
know what let me just get a fake sex
right which is porn having no purpose in
life will lower your Triple S score and
that's definitely going to make you
undesirable to some of the attractive
women out there which again is going to
lead to sexual dissatisfaction and
you're gonna fall right back into that
cycle of looking for cheap dopamine
having no access to sex obviously in
Esther you know like I explained earlier
with sexual dissatisfaction right if you
have no access to sex obviously you're
going to result to porn because once
again that's all the hypothalamus wants
your body wants to pass on his genes
every part of your biology is designed
to pass it on genes didn't protect no so
if you have no access to sex the brain
is going to look for the closest thing
to it which is again porn next guilt and
shame I'm actually gonna put this in s
tear that's one of the reasons why I
hate the no fat movement and the semen
retention [ __ ] and the religious
movements and guys anyone who tells you
to turn down the volume of your
sexuality to be ashamed or feel guilty
about being hypersexual is full of [ __ ]
they're full of [ __ ] they're Hypocrites
and they're full of [ __ ] you were
literally designed to chase sex there is
nothing wrong with that and if you can't
get sex that's when your brain is going
to make you resort to the cheap dopamine
the endless poem conception right but
one of the things that helped me break
my opponent addiction was removing the
guilt and shame associated with the
educate myself on the brain on the
history of sex on the Endocrinology of
sex the Neuroscience of sex and once I
finally got rid of that stupid ass Dogma
Sigma that's around porn Believe It or
Not Dash when it was easier to break
free because guess what guys if you feel
guilty and ashamed of watching porn or
beating your meat or whatever well now
your cortisol is going up if the slots
going down you feel like [ __ ] now you
want to isolate yourself with people so
that leads to loneliness then you end up
being bored you end up feeling like you
have no purpose your self-esteem goes
down and now you right back into this
efficient cycle of watching more porn
right so the number one step to getting
rid of a porn addiction is to stop
demonizing porn is to stop demonizing
male hypersexuality I know it sounds
counterintuitive for you 10 4 hat
[ __ ] but telling a person to
feel bad about the high sex drive is one
of the number one ways to trap them into
this vicious cycle of porn addiction I
consumed less porn once when I stopped
giving a [ __ ] about my punk assumption
believe it or not when I spent years
trying to break the porn addiction and
it was the center of my day I was like
oh I gotta find a new way I gotta read
this new article whatever all of my
[ __ ] mental energy was being drained
sucked into this stupid ass thinking
about porno day that's all I thought
about how do I how do I beat this
addiction how do I beat this addiction
how do I beat this addiction right
instead of focusing on increasing my
Triple S score which I wish I had
somebody to tell me about back then
instead of focusing on increasing my
skill set becoming the best man I could
be I was consumed but trying to beat the
spawn addiction and that led to massive
decision fatigue you guys know what
decision fatigue is right people act
like you have unlimited willpower you do
not have unlimited willpower in a
24-hour period your willpower goes down
as the day progresses so if you waste
most of your willpower trying to
restrain yourself from beating at me
trying to restrain stuff from monitoring
porn you're gonna be drained eventually
and you're eventually gonna relapse
right I started to beat my opponent
addiction when I literally start giving
the [ __ ] I got your opponents you know
what if I want to watch porn I'm
watching and I will literally pull out
my phone I will watch it I go on the
computer watch it be my me and I don't
give a [ __ ] because as long as I was
focused on my day routine as long as I
was focused on my goal I didn't care and
sure enough as I focused on my Triple A
score as I increase my skill set I think
as I increase my earning potential as I
increase my physique as I spent most of
my RPG stats on the things that actually
matter my Pawn consumption automatically
went down why because I was less lonely
less bored had a purpose and I didn't
have time to watch porn right you beat
porn addiction by being so [ __ ]
driven so [ __ ] busy on your mission
and your purpose that you don't even
have time right a lot of you
[ __ ] I'm wondering how you have
time to watch Sport and to this day if I
want to watch porn I will [ __ ] watch
it I will pull out my phone watch it if
I want to I have zero guilt zero shame
and it's because of that that I broke
the addiction I could go weeks without
Pawn without even intending to sometimes
I'm like oh [ __ ] I want to watch some
XVideos right and then I realized oh
[ __ ] I haven't watched any [ __ ] weeks
right because I'm so busy all day long I
set up my life to make it so that I'm so
busy working on my purpose that I don't
have time know the Privacy to watch one
that's how you beat porn addiction guys
you stop demonizing it you stop feeling
guilty and shameful about it which
allows you to focus on other things
focus on improving your life and if you
got to watch porn at some random time of
the day watch that [ __ ] who gives the
[ __ ] right no it's not destroying your
brain it's not destroying your dopamine
receptors or your Androgen receptors all
that [ __ ] that people are just
people are looking at the science and
misinterpreting it to further their
agendas that's not how it works guys
some of the most successful people I've
ever met are having sex all week long
watching porn when they want to they
don't give a [ __ ] do them this is
hilarious
that you guys are so obsessed with porn
right because they have so many more
things to worry about the important
addiction they feel like watching porn
they watch porn and I know that's the
opposite of everything you heard oh no
you gotta You Gotta Give me nice porn
porn is bad [ __ ] off you guys are giving
Point too much power over your lives and
that's why you're stuck in a cycle
because if you feel guilty for marching
porn eventually you're gonna try your
best to stay as far away from it as
possible and when you relapse into
watching it then once again the cycle is
going to kick in right you're gonna feel
defeated you're gonna feel like you're a
failure you're gonna feel like you're
not worthy and again that's gonna make
you isolate yourself give up on your
goals and then you're going to end up
right back into the cycle so stop
feeling guilty and shameful about Point
bone is just a symptom of underlying
issues next testosterone yes s tear you
guys didn't know that right it blows my
mind how people don't even understand
that one of the number one causes upon
is simply testosterone right if you
castrate men that porn consumption goes
down if you black estrogen in the brain
right you start testosterone from
converting to estrogen in the brain the
sex drive goes down the liberal goes
down and the pawn consumption also goes
down if you destroy men's testicles as
they age right oxidative stress or
whatever and it leads to the decline in
testosterone aging which again is due to
Lifestyle factors and aging their Pawn
consumption also goes down right
testosterone is at the center of
politicians the reason why men are more
addicted to opponent women are on
average right testosterone and it's
metabolized right DHT and astrodol drive
your addiction to sex which obviously
drives your addiction to porn but you're
not going to go around and try to block
your testosterone right which is why I
say again this whole trying to you know
whole movement to demonize masculinity
and mass sexuality is stupid as [ __ ]
because the higher testosterone is trust
me all by God trust me you the higher
your addiction to sex will be right
that's why I would say inverted you cut
right testosterone is too low bad if
testosterone is too high and I'm talking
about too high right sensitive Androgen
receptors High DHT high testosterone
your addiction to sex will Skyrocket
which again is biology 101 right that's
the goal of testosterone to make you
pass on your genes that's also why if
you think about it most men become
addicted to porn around what stage in
their life around teenage years right
when they have the highest increase in
testosterone DHD and estradiol right
mainly mainly intracellular estradiol in
the brain right because estrogen is
important for sex drive that's another
reason why I tell you guys you want high
testosterone high enough to obviously
Chase your goals compete have high
energy you know easier to lose fat
increased strength all the benefits that
we know to Assassin is associated with
but I also tell people you do not want
it just starts going to be so [ __ ]
high that you cannot focus and you're
thinking about sex all day right you
wanted to be around the center of the
inverter you curve and I can tell you
guys endless stories when I was solely
focused on bodybuilding and solely
focused on Max MIT and I was over a
thousand underground but that's leader
almost every [ __ ] day I was thinking
about sex all day long it was insanely
distracting at one point I had to bring
my two levels back towards the mid range
somewhere between 500 and 800 usually
around 500 to 600 is when I'm normal I
could still function but I'm not
obsessed with sex but when I was above a
thousand constantly back in the days
when when bodybuilding was my life oh my
God I couldn't focus for [ __ ] so anyway
so that's the downside of having super
super high testosterone levels is it's
gonna do what testosterone wants you to
do which is clap cheeks next estrogen
all right I wish I'm gonna put that at
eight years pretty much the same thing
as testosterone remember testosterone
DHC and estrogen work together to
increase the sex drive so if estrogen is
at zero your sex drive will go to [ __ ]
in fact some people have normal levels
of testosterone but if they have a lot
of aromatase in the brain and then most
of that system is being converted it
into astrodol then the sex drive goes
through the [ __ ] roof that's why you
could find some guy who looks low-key as
[ __ ] even though the way you look is not
a perfect representation of your
successful levels but so you can find
some guys who have normal testosterone
levels but crazy sex drive because
eventually if you look into the brain
you'll notice that they have a very high
conversion of testosterone to uh
estrogens and last but not least being
home all day again s chair cause of porn
addiction I already mentioned that when
I talked about the loneliness potion
right you do not want to be home all day
it's one of the worst things that could
happen to a man I repeat one of the
worst things you could do is to be home
all day now if you're home all day but
you surrounded by people and you're not
bored you're working on your purpose
then that's different right it's gonna
mitigate a lot of the negative uh
effects that come from being home all
day right but if you home all day and
you alone and you're not working on your
goals that's a recipe for [ __ ]
disaster because now you have access to
porn you're more susceptible to being
bored you're most susceptible to being
impulsive there's nobody to keep you
full focus on your goal again watch the
portion I did on loneliness but you do
not want to be home all day let's say
guys those are the main root causes of
porn addiction you will not defeat this
Dragon unless you identify these root
causes and create a daily routine that
tackles them head on don't be lonely
don't be bored find a purpose a big
purpose get access to cheeks level up
your triple X score goddammit stop
feeling guilty and shameful about your
sex drive that's perfectly normal
obviously you don't want to have low
testosterone but keep it in a healthy
range right High Enough To Conquer your
goals but not too [ __ ] high in fact
that's the reason why we have prolactin
is to balance our testosterone levels so
they don't keep infinitely rising and
[ __ ] us up and obviously you try to
avoid being home all day right go out
there get some sunlight get some
exercise meet people meet friends the
whole nine yards all right I hope this
video helps join the Disco we have an
amazing Community if you want to be a
volunteer as well on the production of
these videos join the Discord join the
Instagram I'm a lot more active on
Instagram now I'm trying to post daily
tips make sure you check out the channel
daily And subscribe so that you can vote
on what videos until this you want me to
make next and last but not least if you
want to support the channel head over to
the website and grab a copy of the ebook
as always it contains free information
that you can find all across my social
media site so you do not have to pay for
it it's only for those who want to
support the channel and want all of the
information condensed into one place
alright guys see you in the next video
alright guys don't forget to like or
share the video subscribe and hit the
Bell and buy my HSB nucleus of a little
training program it's the ultimate
program for maximum muscle growth it
includes full body workout splits bro
splits push-pull home workouts you name
it also comes with a complete guide for
macros nutrition fat loss muscle growth
hormones including a meal plan it's
pretty much all my 16 years of
experience condensed into one [ __ ]
book you're also going to get free
copies of any future Edition so visit
team3dalpha.com and you can use the 40
off coupon code nucleus of a lot or you
could just buy the share full price all
right guys I'm out of here
