[Applause]
all right I just got this [ __ ] out the
stove the second part of the video is
about um well the second video guys it's
about um I was asked this question what
was it what was
it uh it's about my macronutrients you
know like do I count my calories still
you I used to do that at the beginning
but what I recommend is do that for the
first week so you get an idea of what
you need you know once you know how many
calories you need a day how many
calories you need you need per meal by
dividing a number by six it'll give you
an idea of you know what you're working
with so if if you do that if you count
count your calories for a whole
week but after a week
uh I just heard some [ __ ] some PR normal
activity
[ __ ] but after a week anyway after a
week um you should have an idea of you
know you should be used to the whole
calorie thing you shouldn't keep
counting your calories for the rest of
your [ __ ] life that's crazy it's time
consuming it's stressful it just and
you're not going to be you're not going
to be on point every single day cuz
there always something that happens
that's going to change in the
circumstances so do that for a week so
you develop the habit of you know
knowing your protein your fasts your the
ratio and things like that after a week
you should have it memorized throw it
out the way now I don't I don't count my
calories no more because like I said
once you build that discipline now you
just listen to your body after a while
just listen to your body everybody's
body is different the calculator might
tell you 2,000 but for your body type
2,000 might be too much or it might be
too little you know so you're going to
keep going every week after week month
after month going based on what's on
paper when the mirror is telling you
something different you know use the
mirror the mirror is my best you know
it's my it's my paper it's my chart I
look at you know I look at the mirror if
I see that my M section is growing hey I
got to cut down on my you know my um my
carbs complex or simple if I see that my
you know I'm losing muscle mass hey I
got to you know increase my protein and
my carbs you know what I'm saying you
know the mirror tells you everything the
mirror gives you more accurate um
feedback than a piece of paper because
like I said everybody's body is
different your activity level is
different your age your your your
genetics all those things come into play
but the Mir is not Li now if the paper
tells you eat 500 calories a day for
example and you eat 500 calories a day
knowing that it's insane but you notice
that you're gaining
weight go based on what's on the mirror
not what's on paper you know obviously
you might need 100 calories a day that's
just give you an example so go based on
what's on the mirror you know look in
the mirror hey man my I got to lose the
stomach cut your CS then if the paper
tells you you need 2,000 calories but
you realize 2,000 is not working for you
you know forget the paper go based on
the mirror every meal I don't really
weigh my food and do all that [ __ ] I'm
not I'm not in in the contest anytime if
I was in in the contest then yeah I'd be
a lot more careful but this channel is
called lowbudget lean muscle meaning we
don't have time to buy scales and do all
that crap most of us are working 8 Hour
jobs and it's just is is really and
going to school like me I'm working two
jobs and going to school full time it's
hard for me to sit down and weigh my
food and all this I just go based on
what I see and what I feel you know and
just follow the you know the fundamental
you know the the basics the concepts and
things like that know your protein ratio
CS whatever know that during the you
know in the morning you have to eat most
of your carbs around night time cut your
carbs once you know all those you know
all this info which I talk about in all
my videos put it together compress it
and just Implement your own workout
routine and your own nutrition routine
like for example now um I'm me show you
a quick meal
that I just
made look what I just threw together and
there some yep oodles and noodles no I'm
not supposed to eat that but I'm bulking
so [ __ ] it one pack of oodles noodles
that's about 50 carbs simple carbs I
know but it's the morning time I work
today so I'm going to need a lot of
energy um Frozen beans I just steamed
them about 2 minutes and it's a can of
tuna but I just threw some I just threw
a teaspoon of um what's it
called prgo prao you know that spaghetti
sauce thing I just thow a teaspoon in
there yeah there some sodium in there
but like I said I didn't put any salt in
any of it so it's going to even out
eventually this Tak about 5 minutes to
make simple easy quick protein fiber
carbs That's it man I don't got time to
weigh that [ __ ] you know that's 20 25 g
of protein 50 g of carbs hey man some
Fiber it's a meal I just got to wait
till you know the next 3
hours yeah just go based on what's on
the mirror use the mirror you know
listen to your body don't weigh your
food caner calories for only a week
after that you should you know develop
your own style and based on your
feedback and things like that and you'll
be fine
