winning winning any competition whether
it's physical competition mental
competition does not matter the
literature is clear on this winning a
competition leads to a huge increase in
testosterone which is seen within
minutes so that's going to go here and
obviously the reason is simple is
because your body is pring you for
reproduction the body thinks that you
just want to fight in a wild so now it's
time to defend your status accumulate
resources capture the enemies you know
what obviously can't say it on YouTube
I'm going to get canceled but hey you
know human history was very brutal after
a man won a competition he did not go to
your hut to play dominoes with the
females that were there right he would
conquer your tribe and do the most
despicable things ever so it's the same
in the animal world again humans are
animals so it's not surprising and it's
the same in the real world whenever
somebody wins the body increases
testosterone like crazy so that you can
move up the social ladder and start
doing what testosterone does which is
accumulate power accumulate status clap
cheeks that's nature pretty much saying
go ahead you are qualified to pass on
your jeans next
