hey guys going on big in here quick
really I'm gonna try to keep it under
five minutes so bear with me quick video
on why the S&H SP training is so
important if you guys have been
following my channel for years you know
I'm a big proponent in way they
structure overload and eccentric of the
law so the negatives I know they get a
lot of hate I get a lot of hate each
time I mention them but guys there was a
techniques that I've been tested for
decades so I'm gonna focus this one on
the science on this but I still believe
to this day that the way to stretch and
the essential part of the life is by far
the most important and if you remove it
out of HSP training it falls apart
because I have a lot of clients who love
the program but they want to remove the
a sport that I am eating it's too
painful you know is there a way to go
around I don't think so you know
everybody part I've done it all
especially the body parts that I didn't
know clothes over long look this over
load on when you put those together the
growth is phenomenal etske straight to
number one muscle and last time right it
takes double sets of concentric only to
get the same growth that you we gave if
you actually did the eccentric right and
they studied something so one person
will do four sets controlling the
negative you know you know focus on
eccentrics and you will have to do eight
sets double that work in order to get
the same result so hands down it's much
more time efficient to just do your
negatives guys don't skip out on your
Centrex you're getting more growth in
half the time same thing if you have to
do 20 sets but guess what you could cut
down to ten sets per week or whatever
you know if you focus in your century
it's kind of like the hyperbolic time
chamber benefit number two keep your
gains in strength studies have shown
that people that focus on the eccentric
sore that do eccentric overload training
get to keep their gains even up to six
weeks six weeks of deep training and
this was on training man by the way
volume was equally between the
concentric and eccentric group and the
guys who focus on eccentric we're able
to keep that strength and a gains you
know up to six weeks which is insane
specially if you're trying to do it I'm
sorry set face benefit number three
motion everybody knows that you're
twenty to fifty percent stronger on the
eccentric and it's obviously gonna you
know be important for recruiting the
high threshold most of our eleven number
four more
I said you guys know I'm huge on
satellite cells I'm studies I've shown
that you get up to 27 percent more
satellite cell activation with the same
tricks as opposed to zero percent on the
concentric unless you try to obviously
you know double the stats or double the
work you know try to get the same
response
so more satellite cells more body deeper
nuclei
you know more chances for hyperplasia
next you get more igf-1 more mechanical
effect more satellite cell activity more
protein sentences androgen receptors all
that stuff and you guys already know why
Jeff one is if you watch my videos on
benefit number six you get 80% less idea
before long story short for those that
watch my previous videos it's pretty
much what makes a GF one inactive a
binds to it and kind of [ __ ] it up
right so that kind of hinders protein
sentences you know that hinders our cell
activation and essential training leads
to 80% less idea for even if you equate
the value so this is one thing as
specific to eccentric training so even
if you do double the work on concentric
to try to get the same benefits of
eccentric you don't get the 80% you
don't get this huge drop in LGBs
Beaufort which is a huge thing that a
lot of people overlook bad for number
seven you get a bigger rise in protein
synthesis and I'm sorry about my
favorite poet in Genesis and as even if
you equate volume work match number
eight more fast with fiber recruitment
or I maybe my fact my last video was
about that right so you get to recruit
those high threshold motor units faster
descent remember those are the ones that
actually grow them also number nine more
androgen receptors in this study was
actually on trained male athletes right
so you get a lot more androgen receptor
activity a better number ten more
hyperplasia you guys know I'm huge huge
on the birth study I mention almost
every video in fact it was one of the
biggest things that inspired me to do
research in rock pools and you know put
the HSV training program together so a
lot more hyperplasia has been seen for
me centric training and where the
structures name from concentric in the
birth study the cat study the rat study
number 11 you get more amateur
activation you guys know my channel I'm
big on em so you know 14 sentences p7e
xsk all that stuff you get more growth
hormone which obviously is gonna lead
some more do you have one within a
Muslim or
MGF conversion or less mice and all that
stuff number 30 and again you get less
my stand studies have shown that in
order for you to get the same my stand
reduction response from concentric again
you got a double the volume you know
which doesn't make sense at all
and of course you guys know it lasts
much time is more hyperplasia more cell
a cell actuation on 14 you get more
power and force production more speed
you know and it's related to tighten
more type 2 acts fiber conversion squat
jump all that stuff and finally you get
stronger connective tissue that's gonna
really reduce your risk of injury and
again a lot of athletes do this to
prevent injuries guys that focus on
these Centrex you know so they don't
snap this [ __ ] up so finally it's ten
tricks and stretch of a load of [ __ ]
boss the only downside is you're gonna
get some soreness and Dom's I personally
love it some people don't
and obviously you got to manage recovery
well they're very very tough to recover
from such a recoveries trash you might
want to stay away and double the volume
when you go Centrex instead that's it
guys hope this video helps do not check
the ass out of a tree training focus on
your Centrex
thumb up the video see you in a comment
section him your for coaching I'm out
