just make my dreams come
true all right guys go to Walmart of
Kroger and get your a microwavable sweet
potato but don't microwave it open it up
um that's what you did right
you actually did it but I actually do it
before chop it up in like french fries
style actually I don't know if I show
them this actually guys all right it's
fine I burnt it right but it's fine you
don't have to burn it but what you want
to do is um Che off the pl plastic I
just buy the regular sweet potatoes I
think they're a lot cheaper cut cut them
up in french fries style you know you
can make them round long rectangle keep
it simple right basic French fries
trying to open on 350 to 400 and grab
you this right any baking pan put
aluminum fall on it so you don't have to
wash them put um I don't know how she
did it but I used to put uh what is it
called PR what is it called the spray
[ __ ] um put the spray [ __ ] so that Ste
or just use olive oil cocon o o oil I go
with olive oil and I just sprinkled that
so and put them down here right in like
rectangle pieces like slaves and then
put salt like a lot of [ __ ] salt just
like you make fries so pretty much um
foil olive oil at the bottom so it won
steak put the slaves lined up like this
put more olive oil or coconut oil it
doesn't matter put some seasoning a lot
of salt and um maybe some pepper and put
in the oven for about 30 to 45 minutes
depend on how you want them and
guys God
damn God damn look listen
listen you hear them I mean I can hear
it I they will the r of the cavities but
hold
on God
damn God damn guys this is so good it
saves a lot of money from going to
Wendy's and McDonald's bur can getting
french fries make them at home you can
do them with sweet potatoes or regular
potatoes or even better I did it one
time with both only difference is if you
do it with both they don't have the same
cooking time so some will be crunchy
some won't but anyway try it out sa a
lot of money on um fast food and it's
good as [ __ ] right God
damn also just make my dreams come true
I'm
out take a look at this
let's say you have two houses Al say hey
answer B right this house you only have
two workers to build your house this
house you have four workers to build the
same house now let me ask you guys who
do you think which house do you think is
going to be built the fastest all right
obviously it's house B because it has
more workers even if you want the house
to be the same size right both house to
be the same size
