hey guys I started to make my videos a
lot shorter now if it took forever to
upload this song is about my solo update
my sort of training as you all know it's
my favorite body part to train and
finally get a little bigger is what I
did today I pretty much on I stuff
always thought of a warm-ups I start off
with our [ __ ] down with ten pound
dumbbells usually five pound dumbbells
other side laterals 10 reps 10 reps of
fundraisers 10 reps of shoulder presses
and 10 reps or on the bent-over you know
lateral raises for the rodella's and
then I do some rotator cuff exercises
get some will go right here about ten
reps on this phone and I'm double warm
up and I go on and I started with on
standing military press just my first
time when she doing this like really
could actually aim to a workout set my
first time trying it out that's my first
time putting into my workout which is in
lane because it's one of the greatest
Master Builders out there and I've been
ignoring the door Tom cookie trying to
develop some great dos standing military
presses I only did three sets I was
gonna do two sets really heavy to kind
of get this shot going and then keep the
momentum you know throughout the workout
and plus when he started really heavy
everything else becomes light so I
started with you know resets I was
really weak he's really on a 45 pound
Olympic ball and 35 pound plates on each
side of a salsa bar home to the 15 I
believe my master down to the 15 pounds
um I did about my maximum the high said
they was seven reps or so leave my
shoulders on seven reps I could say my
body's not used to the exercises but
when he gets used to it I'll probably
double and three sets or that yeah after
that I did um seated my favorite.she
seated military presses I'll put a 25 on
his side and the two and a half on each
side so it was a bar
like this and I just did first said the
heights that it was 15 reps for 10 to 15
reps this one I'm focusing more on
bringing about the ball all the way down
to my chest touching my chest and
shilling back up and I see a reason why
actually doing so light and I focus on
high reps of course because heavy
exercises don't go to develop my
shoulders because it's such a small
muscle should lift heavy when you do
back legs and chest but not shoulders
just focus on you know getting a full
contraction and stretching awesome
and after that I went on I actually did
a shoulder chest would change which I
normally don't do but I had to do it
today because I didn't go to the
Chairman X or three days so the next
exercise I did after that was a incline
dumbbell presses and I only did 60 pound
dumbbells and involved you know the acid
it was like 13 15 reps I could do 80
pound on those but my elbows we snapping
right now while she was kind of hurt
unless I wasn't warmed up I mean I was
in fresh usually want to do chest it's
the first thing I do in business through
the second attack and they have all my
strength so I have to incline dumbbell I
just fought his fingers on his upper
region incline upper chest front delts
so incline dumbbell presses false tester
that always above the 10 rep range then
after that I did this exercise here I
gotta find a name for it you know mr.
cables but you're doing from the bottom
up and you bring it up to this level
here and squeeze your chest on the way
up it kind of gives you that 3d factor
and I felt if thing
appear on your upper chest as well as in
this area I did four sets of 20 reps
20 reps of sweats many reps or 40 pounds
and there's 20 reps just focusing on
like I said the contraction and pumping
the globe into the muscle to get the
full benefit of the pump and after that
I did on I think that loud today more
than I was supposed to like I say
Jim it's in two days I'd like to catch
up with critic after that the sound
levels started with 20 pound dumbbell
good form you know no Jerry Kang none of
this I usually I use the cheat on my
last step the last step is my cheat said
when I do a lot of heavy words but the
first three sets is that the four sets
total the first three senses 20 pound
dumbbells just you know 10 to 15 rep
range and the last said at the 24
members and that's when I'm allowed to
cheat because it's the last one but
after that the gym came home blessed I
worked out on an empty stomach today
because I ate a lot of junk food
yesterday I was on the burn oil that
[ __ ] out before I should go back to
eating healthy so that's what Christmas
does for you and I think it was my chest
sort of thing
