as long as each set is a high quality
set close to failure three sets always
beats one set and five sets
hey what's going on megan here all right
so answering the questions of reddit so
there was this one let me thumb it up
how many what see that's the thing guys
whenever you guys post questions check
your spelling goddammit i don't care
about your spelling on the description
right here right but the main title
check your spelling right that's
one of the rules in fact that's rule
number one no lazy titles when posting
be specific and fix typos right so how
many walking sets the you mean
working sets should you duper exercise
um also let me see you did not include
your stats which is rule number two no
fitness
questions or posts without your goddamn
stats right so height weight age
estimated body fat percentage training
experience if you know your ffmi
included right the more information i
have about you the better right because
if i don't have detailed information
about you the best thing i could give
you is generic clicky-cutter answers and
i hate that right because everyone is
different right what's optimal for
person hey might not be optimal for
person b depending on genetics how long
you've been training recovery management
blah blah blah blah right so this guy
already broke two rules but anyway it's
fine i saw love all right had some spare
time so was just checking in so i'm
making his own vids and seen one about
weekly volume and the study showed five
sets for one exercise just wanted to
clarify
does that include warm-ups as i do two
to three actual working sessions
all right i don't know what you mean by
this final sentence here a cycle of hp
is actually you know four weeks but
um all right so uh yes
three to five sets per exercise is where
you're going to max out um the muscle
the myofibular protein sentence is the
response all right so we know three sets
is
infinitely better than one set right you
still gonna build muscle one set but not
as much as three sets that's a fact
right that's been proven a gazillion
times both in untrained and trained men
so for you heavy duty during yes
training oh one set is all
you need get the off right you're
still gonna grow with one set but
in every single study that compare one
or three set as long as each set is a
high quality set close to failure three
sets always beats one set and five sets
beats three says by about a smaller
margin right so three sets is definitely
better than one set
five sets is better than three sets but
not by a huge margin to be safe i just
tell people do five sets in case you
have fast one of the sets at least
you're gonna be near the top end right
because remember it's all about
maximizing my fibular protein sentences
which obviously is only going to be
elevated
um maximum elevated for about 24 hours
anyway right longer you've been training
it's only going to be up for like 16
hours
um assuming it's not there's no
excessive muscle damage so um yeah so i
always recommend
three to five sets ideally five sets in
case you have fast one of your sets as
far as warm-ups now again it's a great
question does that include warm-ups yes
if those warm-up sets were hypertrophic
what do i mean if those warm-up sets
were close to failure meaning rpe of
about seven to nine um or you know which
means about one or three reps in reserve
then yes those warm-up sets count
towards hypertrophy and it should count
towards your volume
um count again this is only if those
warm-up sets were done close to failure
as an rpe of seven to nine right some
people think well i only use a light
weight and i only did about 20 reps so
it's not
uh you know it's just a warm-up set uh
no those 20 reps who are
close to failure they're going to
contribute towards hypertrophy in fact
an interest be training that's why i
call them warm-up pump sets right
because
the light the weight is light enough for
them to be you know to feel like a warm
up but as you get close to failure yeah
those things are gonna increase
myofibular protein synthesis and they're
gonna down regulate myostatin for about
eight hours or so so you should count
warm upsets if they are done close to
fairly right because if you go close to
failure then you already know it right
you're gonna then you're putting
enough mechanical tension on your high
threshold motor units right on your high
threshold motor fibers and the best way
to gauge this is you'll know it right
you'll know it because the wrap speed is
going to slow down even though you
trying your hardest to
contract the way to move the weight as
fast as possible so the false velocity
relationship kicks in right velocity is
going to be slow because you're
approaching failure so local fatigue
kicks in so velocity is going to be low
against your well obviously therefore
force is going to be high right
and thus mechanical tension so long
story short yes warm-up sets do count if
they're taking close to failure as in
seven to nine rpe and the amount of
stats per exercise is about three to
five but i tell most people to aim for
five you cannot go wrong in you know
going for five whereas if you go for
three sets then how do you really know
that
you you give it your best on those three
sets you know sometimes a lot of people
half-ass the first set you know the
first working set so where if you're
doing five sets not only based on the
literal trade you're maximizing my
favorite protein sentences but you also
know that worst case scenario you have
fast maybe one maybe two working sets
which still leaves you with three higher
quality working sets uh keep in mind
this is by exercise this is per exercise
right per muscle region per muscle angle
so don't go ahead and do five sets
for let's say uh
um upper chest and then turn around and
do a different upper chest exercise for
another five sets you know you you're
really doing 10 sets per session in that
example um now if you're doing bro
splits if you're doing push pull and you
don't you know you can't really train
with high frequency you can't really do
full body workouts then there's nothing
wrong with doing more than five sets per
workout session i just don't recommend
it because now you're causing way too
much muscle damage anyway i hope that
answers your question i'm out of here
see you guys in already alright guys
don't forget to like or share the video
subscribe and hit the bell and buy my
hsp nucleus of a little training program
see ultimate program for maximum muscle
growth it includes full body workout
splits bro splits push-pull
home workouts you name it also comes
with a complete guide for macros
nutrition fat loss muscle growth
hormones including a meal plan it's
pretty much all my 16 years of
experience
condensed into one book you're
also gonna get free copies of any future
edition so visit team3dalpha.com
and you can use the 40 off coupon code
nucleus overlord or you could just buy
this at full price all right guys
i'm outta here
