hey guys going on Megan here follow-up
video you guys asked for it on the high
volume study so I made the first one
that was about rowdy alley
a few months ago where they did up to 45
sets per week and so phenomenal gains
the second one was done earlier this
week which was on the 32 sets per week
study and by the way these are all
trained men and finally you guys
requested the one on by Brad scorn felt
which is this one right here so again
high volume study nine sets versus 27
verses up to 45 cents per week this is
per liter per workout and I say up to
because triceps was the body put
actually had the most value so let's see
what happens you know based on the graph
here imma let you guys guess which group
put on the most gains keep in mind he's
a strength train man and this study but
was done by Brad which is if you watch
my videos you know I always say this is
the best the greatest of all time when
it comes to these hypertrophy studies
and a body builder of the day last time
was Arnold proponent of high volume
Bible of the day is gonna be served in a
bread and yes I know we all know these
guys do steroids but again these studies
on natural trained trainees and how
volume works just as well on that is in
fact if United you have to do just as
much by anyway going on attention here
let's go so this is the study by Radha
Ali if you guys missed a video links
should be in the description and you can
clearly see the group that did 45 sets
per week blew everyone else out of the
water this was a little previous video
which was the 32 set study and again you
could see Google a day 32 sets pretty
much our class everyone and now let's
look at the current study right so you
have again but spot Brad 2019 so it's
very recent I don't want to hit anything
my study design Brad knows the [ __ ] 34
train man eight weeks which was the
standard duration three times a week was
the amount of times they train each
muscle and again every summer I'll talk
about how volume guys remember I'm
referring to weekly volume you're not
gonna do all that [ __ ] in [ __ ] one
day right I'm referring to high volume
spread out throughout the day a high
frequency approach nucleus Ovilus table
anyway wraps 8 to 12
to momentary failure my never success
was one three or five per exercise which
led up to up to 927 245 per week and it
was basic exercises bench press slack
press lat pulldown like extension
military press cable Rose squat and look
at the results guys once again this is
the third straight enough many more I
could just keep pumping them out there
are many more studies on train man
showing this high volume is the Keoghan
high weekly while if you're trying to do
all that [ __ ] in one workout on one day
you're actually gonna have worse games
which is what determines volume training
value study actually showed as long as
you split it up throughout the week
three to five sessions you're good to go
but look at the results speak for
themselves and so here are so many
rejections I get a lot from whenever
I'll talk about how about right and this
thing is proven right it's poo the [ __ ]
man I'm tired of having a debate stuff
that's already been shown to work in the
literature and in the broad science word
you guys know the studies I mean this
channel is all about combining bro
science and science so I wanted to agree
I don't want to [ __ ] hear you guys
anyway first possession is but they're
not going to failure guys number one two
things number one nobody goes to [ __ ]
failure I don't want to hear right
anyone who told you they're trying to
fail this [ __ ] lie true failure means
a gun is put your head and you can't
move the muscle nobody [ __ ] trains
like that so that's one two you don't
have to go two balls deep [ __ ] you
know III can't feel my [ __ ] eye
twitching failure to see again studies
are showing it several times right you
could stop a few reps shot failure all
right so that's one number two people
say oh well you if you do how about him
you're not gonna have your [ __ ] watch my
video on stronger it's not bigger I I
explained that already you don't have to
lift three to four [ __ ] rep max to
make gains next one progressive overload
guys volume is an aspect of progressive
overload by increasing volume you all
progressively overloading everyone
[ __ ] thinks that progressive overload
simply means more weight that's
completely [ __ ] false and it's been
debunked
again watch my video on strong is not
bigger another thing I hear is oh it's
too much volume is too much volume again
watch my videos and Lucas Overlord
explain in five minutes
ballerina calves do you really [ __ ]
thing they're working about volume when
they're doing that little dance
rehearsal [ __ ] meanwhile look at the
calf development they do a lot of
[ __ ] around him on their calves and
he was a speaker himself same is true
for boxes and his shoulders gymnast and
an arm cyclist and their [ __ ] quads
bodybuilders and their front delts we
actually do [ __ ] on the volume on our
front desk and it's the most developed
by the part for most bodybuilders girls
and I glutes only favorites of these
girls with the nice squat booties you
know how much volume these girls do per
week on a glutes like they go to the gym
and every day it's booty day right
swimmers in the last on it so forth so
conclusion volume volume volume guys
it's all about volume once you're
lifting enough weight to actually feel
the muscle working I'm not telling you
to [ __ ] start curling five pounds and
say hey I'm just gonna do high-volume
and I'm gonna crawl no obviously I'm
gonna leave some common sense right you
want to pick away that's challenging but
once that weight is challenging enough
which is about forty to sixty percent of
your one rep max minimum forty percent
if you're doing Bluffs or restriction
sometimes even 20% you want my bags and
obviously if you're not doing bf4 at
least 6 to 25% you want my max long as
you be picking away in in that ranch you
gonna see progress we're volume right
and I'm a to find your upper limit like
I said everyone is different depending
on your ability to recover you might
need more you might need less volume
right and obviously last like I always
say manage recovery right what about is
your nutrition like your macros are
pointed your microscope are you sleeping
well you know what are you stressed I
was like on you know on and so forth so
that's a guy's longest those things
that's taken care of you shouldn't have
to worry about value as an a/d lifter hi
weekly value as the key to growing
alright guys that's it like the video
subscribe to my [ __ ] hit the bell email
me from coaching I'm out
