[Music]
all right guys team 3D Alpha sitting
here at Mass house we just finished
playing a few games with chess we're
watching at yeah eating the dreaded
poptarts yes I'm eating poptarts so good
car backloading man only make this
possible but
anyway I got a lot of questions in my
inbox about act the most really skinny
people trying to get in shape you guys
saw Muhammad's transformation video I'm
going to post it right here and you guys
also saw Mt transformation video I'm
going to post it right here and um you
can also look at the way Matt used to
look a year from now I'm going to post
that right here a year ago yeah thanks
like a year and two and um yeah and a
lot of you guys are asking wait what's
the main difference and you could also
look at H's progress on the playlist I'm
going to put right here it's a playlist
I [ __ ] love YouTube man it's a
playlist put together showing you guys H
this project now what was the
Breakthrough why why is it that out of
nowhere all these guys just started you
know just putting all all these gains
naturally obviously if we all LIF in the
same ways we all you know training the
same what was the main factor
carbohydrates in a few minutes I'm going
to let Matt do the um you know the sign
talk cuz you know he's he's really he's
really good when it comes to science
breaking down things for you science F
out there so he's going to break it down
but all I want to tell you guys is that
was the main breakthrough like I said H
used to work out before but he would
never went above 185 cuz he was always
eating his carbs like around he wasn't
even counting his you know um cars he
was counting his calories but not his
carbohydrates when he moved over I put
him on that new plant look man eat about
400 Grand of cars a day I know it sounds
insane but with this whole car back
loading thing they claim that you're
going to put on a lot of muscle while
minimizing the fat and boom when he
increases cars to over 400 based on his
statistics I did his body weight times
three something like that he put on 20
to 25 lbs in what five weeks
unbelievable unbelievable Muhammad same
concept I was like dude it's working try
this incre keep your protein the same
eat your fats but increase the crap out
of your carbs and your carb timing
people say car timing is IR relevant
yeah if you eat 4 cars in the morning
you're going to get fat so anyway
Muhammad started doing the same thing
and as you can see in the video if you
watched it he's [ __ ] huge he put on
uh he went from 149 to 174 in I think it
was 5 months and I was the only one
lagging behind cuz I was like oh man
like I was so scared to eat a lot of
carbs because you guys know I used to be
fat be skinny fat actually I had skinny
arms and a just huge belly when I was a
kid and your body never loses fat cell
so I was very afraid to eat a lot of
carbs but when I noticed the gains then
Matt came in I was like hey Matt man
this thing is working try any like 400 G
of calls a day at first was like oh man
this is tough this is tough but he kept
pushing pushing and that's why I respect
him so much cuz you just kept pushing L
than let me show you some cars in um in
how long look at this transformation
video Matt put on 10 lb yeah we don't
this is for my week this is for my week
okay this is how many cups four or five
cups four five of rice rice Matt put on
10 lb of musle and just what it was like
two months too 3 months mons I know 3
months is any watch this transformation
video 3 months yet look how he looks now
just FL do the crab P or some [ __ ] just
look look at his traps right now go look
at that video I'm going to put it again
here look at this video one he that he
made last year look how skinny he was in
fact look at the video I made with him
when um he was forcing himself to eat
yeah I'm going to P I was a little
skinny [ __ ] then I'm going to put that
video right here yes just click on it
right there click on those links they're
going to open in a new window you can
just look at him and then close it but I
I'm trying to show you guys that this is
no joke carbohydrates are everything
everything now I just start now that I
saw the results I started putting my own
my own methods to use because I know
this things but I was always scared to
try because I didn't want to get fat but
backloading now I'm putting on muscle
while minimizing the fat gains I'm
eating all the cars that I want without
and God I mean not B but I'm not up
there but the Gams are coming yeah
they're coming my real D are finally
poking out they W there before my tricep
it's going to come out Popp now it's
working but anyway tell them why cars
are so important all right
well there's different types of cars you
guys sugar what you've known to be sugar
your whole life like on the back of a
nutrition bottle is carbohydrates it's
actually it's called um monoat saturd
basically all it means is there's less
bonds hydrogen and carbon bonds between
the molecules of the food so it it
breaks down really easily and really
quickly so that's why when you drink
like soda or something you get like a
quick little rush you know you have
energy for a couple minutes and you
crash but if you're going to work out
the next day and you eat a bunch of
complex carbohydrates that that take a
while to break down and and mix with the
fast ones obviously mix it with with the
fast ones you have all these bonds that
your body has for the next day that it
can just rip apart to break heat cuz
that's what your body wants is heat so
the more bonds you have inside of you
more heat which means more energy so you
can work out harder and G muscle faster
so in a nutshell for your skinny guys
saying that you know you're trying to
put on muscle but you don't you don't
see what's missing you tried everything
try increasing the crap out of your
carbs you're eating your protein I know
that you you're working out intensely
you're lifting heavy you're doing
campound movements the only thing
missing is carbohydrates all the protein
in the world protein does not make you
big it's just a component carbs is what
make you big because if you're not
eating your carbs your body will use
your protein for energy it's been proven
eat your carbs don't just eat them eat
them at a surplus especially if you're
skinny eat him out of surplus he was 118
lbs he was eating 400 G of carvs a
day and and I remember when we mentioned
that they were like oh it's impossible M
never going to put on 10 lounds of
muscle in a year he put it on in what
two three months yeah so guys eat your
cars that's the only help I can give you
right now if you're an ectomorph or
messor trying to put on a lot of muscle
eat your carbs now if you end that's a
whole different story but right now for
skinny guys eat your cars and really
quick um the two most important meals in
my opinion are the the night before and
the meal after you work out because the
night before you're fueling your body
for the next day so when you go when you
go in the gym your body tears apart all
all of that food and just absorbs it but
then your body's empty okay cuz it just
used all that so then meal after I can't
even I can't even explain to you guys
how how much blood is going to your
muscles after you're done working out
when you eat that meal after it is so
good for you so eat a huge meal the
night before and a nice big meal after
and that that that sums up call back
loading in um in a nutshell eat a lot of
cars the night before your workout not
just before not just right before your
workout cuz believe it or not you eat a
meal two hours before your workout that
food is not even fully digested yet your
intestines are how long 20 20 between 22
and 2 22 and 25t people people think oh
I ate breakfast 4 hours ago I'm
energized to go out now the the energy
you're using when you training that day
is what you ate the day before look it
up don't let these marketing companies
trick you so eat a big meal the night
before you work out give your body a
chance to digest absorb all that [ __ ]
and the next day go work out don't eat a
pre-workout meal full of cars if you're
doing car backloading this where your
body uses fat for energy fat and a
little bit of protein pre and
post-workout o on your car
go cuz now your muscles are like ready
to soak it all up but
anyway just advice yeah you don't yeah
guys if you don't like our games you
don't think we're getting big you don't
think we're getting stronger don't
listen to us don't [ __ ] watch like
like Kevin says you don't have to follow
it yep
yep just advice guys we trying to help
people out I mean it's it's we seeing
results so why why not show people yeah
we're trying to show you what we're
doing we're not trying to hide anything
I'm not saying go out there eat pop TOS
we just doing this because we got a
workout tomorrow and we didn't have time
to you know OD on our cars I'm get my
calories as fast as possible so we keep
those for emergency so it's not ideal
it's not ideal crappy food you want
breads good potatoes rice like you want
to eat the good you know what to eat we
don't need to tell you you've heard it
enough you know what's good you know
what's bad anyway J 3 oh look
at
yeah okay me
