alright guys what's up she's got back
from walmart my uncle we actually got up
early in the morning and went jogging
not jogging with this Sprint's right and
we did something new today you just
switch things up with the jump rope I we
always do sprints and we did a hottie
call that [ __ ] like I call it frog leaps
right the you just do this and leave
until you get to the other side you
gotta leave back and was was at the 22
sets which is really for trips we only
ended up doing one trip which is to said
I'm just once I was just to church
because it was it was training was
thinking about it we did the jump rope
first for like three minutes straight
took breaks I'm you know just like fix
the Rope then the sprint like about
seven sprints then the leaps to
completely like drain the glycogen right
and I got the train so because
tomorrow's Monday which is my sushi
night we need a lot of carbs so I don't
mind you pleading my package in there
anyway so after everyone to walmart a
cougar we'll talk about the economy all
that [ __ ] guy like this little bag
right here is cause for the olives not
the back by the contact contents of this
bag forty bucks and I'll show you
something I got a typical normal [ __ ] it
says s to help you you want to be the
more money to have to stand meaning if
you want to save money which is how you
able to either invest and become
wealthier you want to save money
eventually you're going to be going to
die [ __ ] uh you know diseases or
whatever be there to save money you have
to buy you know cheap unlock the foods
you want to eat healthy foods go spend a
lot of money maybe you'll be able to
save as much you're gonna end up book
anyway so one other anyway uh lets me
complaining time so vitamin d3 i'm see
when the time is coming as the minimum
requirement for vitamin d3 for your body
since I vitamins I think about 15
minutes of sunlight exposure they
wrestle requirement even black but we
need even more because everywhere
that's it but we don't get enough Sun a
lot of us don't even get 15 minutes just
another day if you think about it did
you get out getting the color go
somewhere go inside the mall goes out of
school get out we're gonna get enough
with especially black people out there
on top of the fact that when the time is
coming but we got within those even more
so our party doesn't get the sunlight
you know it it is used to kidding no to
evolution us being in the field unnam
fishing whatever you better get any of
that and people think what five milites
on 55 mins III is a very big deal i got
lucky i'm gonna feel my vitamin D like I
think three or four months ago I might
make another one that wants to get
hardcore it is the Sun is everything I
just for plants and animals leaving us
as humans you need something like that
the Greeks used to lay down in the Sun
for like hours before the election
because actually believe that Apollo
give you energy but it's really the Sun
the Sun helping your body since I
vitamin d3 which is actually a hormone
estero if you think about it everybody
makes it just not really a vitamin
vainly told you babe so if you're not
getting your sunlight guys the 50
minutes min was another day probably 30
minutes for [ __ ] I was inches from
vitamin d3 here I got me my fiber to
replace the old one that I was getting
and once again I was very skeptical by
getting the five of the first inside
anything was gonna work because it was
cheap booze quarter break but actually
work like a charm it tells you take two
a day and I want any thought you know
these guys are you know full of books
let me take flow today and I was
[ __ ] all [ __ ] day which is you
know such that it works and I went back
down to choose if recommended serving an
extra work scooty was it one of the one
of the things that I'm tell you guys
works not only very fast because within
the next day you'll notice the effects
but you don't have to take too many of
the other vitamins I usually overdose
because they're not pulling enough
except for fiber this one is a different
one fiber plus calcium i'm going to try
that it was on sale you asked me junk
that what Brandi GI get to plan this
himself look at the channel name guys
i've got me some scale once again trying
to give my [ __ ] for his matches in I
don't like broccoli cauliflower do like
cabbage and kale so get you get kale
obviously it has a lot of effects
vitamin K vitamin E vitamin not a good
vitamin but most importantly it has a
lot
of estrogens lacking on chemicals in
there has a lot of assam sulfur some GI
em all these things help your body
repent traditional mass which means you
no less aromatisse enzyme let's say it's
a sound someone being [ __ ] up and turn
this message in which i hate so much by
the way so no garbage decal I say guys
make a list of the things that you know
you have to eat in categories and by the
things that you actually like so I knew
that I needed broccoli and cauliflower
and cabbage in and brussel sprouts but I
know that I hate broccoli and Brussels
sprouts I just take the things that I
know I'm going to enjoy the taste don't
make a diet that is so hard or milk and
salt for you to follow when the
alternatives right if you need vitamin C
but you hate grape fool I got to get
orange is my nothing might not get as
much but just eat more oranges to get
their models vitamin c you would get
from you know whatever so find ways to
still eat healthy but eat tasty foods
alright so i got me some more about
meeting people lose themselves it was
buy one get one free got me some onion
powder because getting on me some ground
paprika I got me a lot of season because
that's how I make my calendar my spinach
and my cabbage is pretty good up a lot
of seasoning got out of my sauté until
my uncle I made you feel about a long
time ago about the whole cabbage camera
turns over so I got me some black pepper
and salt nice sounds of guy I'm a saw
taster [ __ ] I'm done kara it's obviously
for my veggies some ginger anything some
onions same thing and some turmeric she
was on sale and some garlic powder and
the [ __ ] right here was forty dollars
that can you believe in [ __ ] and this is
that one more the words in a hand guys
alright a little baby what you program I
mean this is that kroger sorry and
what's the world want to get this
cheaper at walmart gotten some chicken
leg quarters instead of six dollars at
kroger this is five hours at one more I
usually make that i sauteed with the
veggies got me some cashews for my
healthy fats as you can tell i'm
following a very
I'm so don't bother I get out of
question yes I'm still doing call back
loading is just that I really really
struggle with it because of work at
school and I end up eating College
throughout the day which [ __ ] up the
whole diet so if you're gonna come back
loading keep it really really strict
each of carbs for job I'm sorry chief
minister as you can tell i put on more
fed and I'm supposed to my book tell the
[ __ ] face and all these things so I'm
still gonna cut my linkages you know I'm
trying to clean it up more and more than
war following the entire hi to sound
someone died but it still still gonna
call by voting iris I got me some mango
chunks for Simon thank God do not forget
today I always begin when I go because
I've known only by mangoes but I
remember today so stay tuned for a mango
protein shake video I got me some
Italian seasoning I love seasoning guy
got me good vegetarian probably some
bacon but they're not for my cholesterol
right you need cholesterol to build your
most common sense and I say God and this
came out to 1689 699 + 40 so i spent
about 16 + 40 50 c about 60 bucks on all
this which is you know i think it's a
lot you know to eat up you can 60 bucks
i want to buy a junk food like noodles
and all their nutrient deprived type of
[ __ ] I I probably have a lot more than
this but hey that's what you gotta do it
right learn from mistakes a for any
question anyway put it down a comment
section I'm long behind on videos but
like I said I'm really really busy and
the weekends now I spend most weekends
with the baby so it's even harder for me
to like get up and go out there make
videos but your song you know put our
fingers and danger blah blah blah so um
use your comments below hit me up on
finger to have more questions I prefer
the questions on the
section right better interface because I
don't really check facebook as much cuz
it's cool oh my gosh stay tuned come out
alright guys what's up I know you I know
you look at confuse contact what's this
video about looking like a burnt version
of the hodgetwins right now but anyway I
want to tell you guys I impacts a lot of
my subscribers a lot of you guys are
billing me from the beginning and you
guys message me a lie you know we have
conversations on facebook whatever and
sometimes I forget that I'm trying
