if there's one thing you can do to know
if your overall hormonal balance is in
check is
hey guys going on Megan here the danger
of ignoring your hormones your hormones
are everything I repeat everything that
affect how much muscle you put on how
much energy you have how much motivation
and positive aggression you have how
easy or hard it is for you to lose fat
how easy it is for you to recover from
your workout that control your appetite
for you guys to find it hard to eat or
for you guys that overeat that in fact
the calories our balance that affect
your metabolism they even decide if the
genetics you inherited from your parents
would be activated in your body or not
so you could have the genetics for
something or the genes for something but
if your hormones are [ __ ] you're not
gonna even transcribe and translate
those genes or you could have bad genes
you could inherit bad genes from your
parents but if you have the right
balance or hormones you can make up for
some of those deficiencies so don't let
anybody tell you that your hormones are
not important now why do some influences
and people tell you to ignore your
hormones number because they're [ __ ]
[ __ ] they are brain dead they have
10 full house they don't know a [ __ ]
goddamn thing about the human body you
guys know how much I hate the Cesspool
that the fitness industry is just clowns
going around spewing [ __ ] and
repeating what they heard from another
expert already in the freaking article
and misinforming generations of people
anybody that tells you not to do blood
work or not to worry about your hormones
your testosterone is full of [ __ ] that's
like telling a diabetic patient not to
check the blood sugar or telling a
person with hypertension not to check
their blood pressure I mean how stupid
can you be to tell a person not to check
the blood work or check their hormones
now how often should you do blood work
or how often should you check your
hormones because later in the video I'm
going to show you how you could figure
this out you could actually know the
state of your hormones without doing
blood work especially for those who
can't afford it because you guys know
I'm all about recommending things that
can be done for free or have relatively
low cost that's what my whole channel is
about but for those that can't afford it
how often should you check your blood
work I say at least peace at least every
three months if you could check it every
month do it every month because in some
countries it's as cheap as ten dollars
which is nothing and obviously in others
it's as much as hundreds and hundreds of
dollars so it really depends on your
budget but the more often you could
check your blood work you should check
it and again when I said blood work I'm
really referring to the state of your
hormones you don't have to do blood work
to state that but I'm going to cover
that at the end of the video now why
should you check this off and why why do
I recommend at least every three months
or every month simple because your blood
work only shows you a snapshot in time
it doesn't show you what your home was
really like on average right it just
shows you what it looks like what your
hormones look like at the time of the
test and your hormones are always
fluctuating so what really matters about
doing freaking blow work is not just to
see where you fall in the range but to
see what your hormones look like over
time right the average changes the
trends in your blood work the trends in
your hormones and if you don't check
your blood work often it's going to be
almost impossible to see a trend also
keep in mind guys that testosterone
those are down over 50 percent in the
last several years do you think that
would have happened if men check their
blood work or check their hormones
periodically do you think this would
have happened you think men would have
went from 800 900 a thousand nanogram
per deciliter to 300 400 over the last
few years if men had a habit of checking
their hormones throughout the lifespan
[ __ ] no because they would have noticed
the DraStic Decline and they would have
fixed it before it's too late because
yes the longer you wait to make changes
to your hormones
or the longer you wait to fix the things
that are causing your hormones to
plummet the harder it is to reverse the
damage because once again remember your
blood work only shows you the state of
your body at the time of the test you
could take a test this morning your
testosterone will be let's say 590 gram
per deciliter and the next day it might
be a thousand later in the day might be
300 a week later it might be 800 so you
can't just say well I did blood work
three years ago my levels were 800 so
I'm fine no that's not how the body
works you also can't say oh no my
testosterone was only 400 something must
be wrong maybe you slept like [ __ ] the
day before maybe you ate a zinc
deficient diet or a diet deficient in
other vitamins and minerals you don't
know so that's why you can't just take
one blood work too seriously you need
trans you need averages another
important point is to not fall into the
[ __ ] TLT trap do not fall into this
[ __ ] trap that I see a lot of men
fall in where they do blood work they
see that the testosterone levels or the
other hormones are Suboxone in their
first reaction as a bunch of losers is
to hop on trt and to rent their
masculinity right no if your blood work
is screwed if your hormones are screwed
up 99.9 of the time it's not age it's
not luck it's not genetics it's you it's
your lifestyle it's your diet it's your
sleep your Stress Management so fix it
do not use [ __ ] blood work or [ __ ]
hormones as an excuse to hop on trt
you're a [ __ ] loser if you do so I
don't respect anybody on TLT that does
not fall into the three exemptions you
guys know what the three exemptions are
that is disease or accident outside of
your control working in a military or
police or being an elite athlete if you
don't fall in any of those three
categories and you're on TLT or PDS
you're a [ __ ] you're a cop out you took
the easy way out you are no longer a man
because now you're renting your
masculinity from a bottle and you should
be ashamed of yourself all right now
that I have this long-ass disclaimer out
of the way what is the goal of the stair
list is to narrow this down right once
again using the Pareto Principle right
this list is very long and it keep in
mind I only kept it at 20 there's a lot
more hormones so I might do a part two I
also didn't include other markers that
are not really homo so I'm gonna cover
those in future videos right such as
lipids and liver enzymes and you know
other important markers that are
relevant to your house so this video
will focus just on hormones so that's
not too long now the criteria for what
makes your hormone goated the criteria
for what's going to make some of these
hormones more important to others even
though they all work together as a team
right number one muscle instructors
obviously I'm making this dealers for
men right we're trying to increase our
masculinity we're trying to increase our
potential as men we're trying to
maximize our ability to protect provide
impairment so clearly this is geared
towards that ghost number one how
important is that hormone for muscle and
strength right and when I mean muscle
strength I mean anabolism direct
anabolism right because obviously all of
these hormones play some somewhat of an
indirect role in muscle hypertrophy
number two how important is that hormone
for maximizing the energy levels once
again they're all player role in energy
production trust me I know every single
hormone in the human body like the back
of my hand they're all player role in
energy production every single one of
them so we're gonna focus on the ones
that directly contribute to energy
production the most number three
how much of a critical role does that
hormone play in motivation aggression
and cognition obviously I mean positive
aggression so that's that desire to
conquer to dominate your goals right
because it doesn't matter how much
muscle you have how much strength you
have how much energy you have if you
have no motivation to plow through life
if you have no mental toughness no
positive regression you're almost
useless number four how important is
that hormone for recovery and immune
function right because you could be
strong full of energy full of motivation
but if you're always sick or if you
can't recover from workouts so you
always burnt out your productivity is
going to suffer and it's going to be
hard for you to reach your goals and
last but not least our sexual function
right because at the end of the day
started by clapping cheeks and passing
on our genes everything great about you
dies if you fail to do so and no I don't
want to hear about no [ __ ] outliers
but Nicola Nichola these nuts right stop
using outliers to prove your point that
defeats the whole purpose that's what
makes them outliers right our goal is
men in general it should be great not
just on this Earth but but in terms of
genetic Legacy gotta pass on your genes
men subclapping tricks today well first
of all you wouldn't be here your punk
ass would not be here if your father
didn't clap your mother's cheeks but if
men stop having sex if men stop passing
on their genes the human race goes
extent in less than 100 years so I don't
want to hear [ __ ] all right so let's
start with court of Soul number one does
it affect most of the strength directly
absolutely obviously in a negative
manner number two there's a player role
in how much energy you have yes does the
player role in your motivation
aggression and cognition yes for the
most part it's actually a negative
modulator of motivation aggression and
cognition especially if it's chronically
elevated if it's acutely elevated it's
actually beneficial but again I'm gonna
keep these videos simple recover an
immune function yes if your cortisol
levels are too high it really doesn't
matter how high it testosterone levels
are because they compete for so many
functions in the human body they even
compete for DNA binding sites so that's
why it's not all about your testosterone
levels to buy your testosterone the
cortisol ratio as well and last but not
least it absolutely plays a role in
sexual function so knowing your cortisol
levels I'm about to nut category as I
mentioned before your acute levels don't
really mean much it's your chronic
levels right so if you have chronically
elevated cortisol levels that's where it
becomes a problem but if you're just
securely elevated because of a workout
or stressful time in your life then
that's fine right just find a way to
bring it back down quickly you do not
want cortisol levels chronically
elevated else it's going to be extremely
hard for you to recover your immune
system is going to be [ __ ] you're going
to be sick all the time and it's going
to negate a lot of the effects of your
testosterone not to mention that the
more cortisol you produce the last
testosterone your body automatically
makes as they come from the same
precursors right your body uses both
cholesterol pregnant alone and
progesterone to make cortisol and
testosterone and your body makes a lot
more cortisol than it makes testosterone
so it gets worse and worse right the
average testosterone levels nowadays
around four to five hundred but the
average cortisol levels of the male is
usually around 15 right anywhere from 10
10 to 20 000 nanogram per deciliter so
put that in context your body can make
up to 15 times more cortisol than it
makes testosterone so try not to make
that ratio worse next
DHEA dehydro Epi androsterone this is
one of my favorite hormones it is so
underrated it is so important for so
many functions in the body it affects
your muscle mass it affects your energy
levels it affects your cognition it
affects your recovery I mean your
insulin sensitivity I could go on and on
your sexual function it's funny how
testosterone actually gets a lot of the
credit that DHEA is responsible for not
to mention it's also precursor for
testosterone right but DHEA is extremely
important for overall male health and
Optimal Performance so I'm going to put
that in I'm about to nut category and
I'm also going to put dhes sulfate there
right because dheas is pretty much uh
your body's way of storing DHEA your
DHEA levels fluctuate a lot but your
DHEA sulfate levels a lot more stable
right so if I had to pick between the
two I would actually put dhas
front right because that gives you a
more accurate representation of your
body's total DHEA Stones right whereas
basic DHEA fluctuates so much throughout
the day lastly if you're low on cash and
you got to pay one of these two tests I
would pick this one next next DHT
dihydrotestosterone oh my Lord one of
the most underrated and misunderstood
hormones once again because the [ __ ]
Fitness influencers we don't know what
the [ __ ] they're talking about guys if
attitude between having high
testosterone a high DHT I would go for
high DHT every single time over it does
every single thing testosterone does but
better and once again a lot of the
credit that we give to testosterone is
actually DHT doing it right I can make a
whole video on Dish if you guys want
because it's such a misunderstood
hormone you do not want to block your
DHT I'd rather lose all of my hair than
lose my DHT that's another sign that
masculinity is on the attack because now
we have normalized the blocking DHT
Black Ink the most androgenic masculine
hormone in the human body guys
testosterone is not the masculine
hormone it is DHT DHT is testosterone on
steroids no pun intended DHT it's
testosterone Super Saiyan one two three
four and that shitty ass blue form DHT
is when testosterone uses kucan and
bunkai DHT protects you against high
estrogen levels DHT is responsible for
your sexual function your erections your
aggression your motivation your anxiety
levels or lack thereof your confidence
your energy your red blood cells your
insulin sensitivity you would even have
a dick with ideation people forget that
it's not testosterone that gives you a
penis when you're forming in a womb it's
DHT people that have mutations and their
ability to synthesize DHT come out with
[ __ ] vaginas even though they're
dudes they're straight [ __ ] and they
come out with vaginas or something in
between even though they have normal
levels of baby testosterone and Fetal
testosterone that was that side
important DHT is and doing puberty you
can have high testosterone levels but if
your DHT is too low you actually gonna
get micropenis so yes for you micropenis
[ __ ] out there blame your
insufficient DHT levels in fact the only
way to offset having low DHC levels is
if you have extremely high total
testosterone and total free testosterone
levels right because it takes about
three to five testosterone molecules to
equal the effectiveness of just one DHT
molecule and in some cases DHT is up to
10 times more powerful than testosterone
it it binds to the Androgen receptor
better it stays on the Androgen receptor
longer and it has a high affinity for
sex or more body globulin which
obviously frees up more testosterone to
enter the cells and be converted to even
more DHT right also keep in mind that
right the only downside of testing your
DHT levels is it only measures blood DHT
levels serum DHT levels which is not a
total representation of your body's DHC
levels right because a lot of ADHD is
made inside the cells right it's
autocrane and perk and hormone so you
could have average to low DHC levels in
the blood but you could have very high
or very low uh DHC levels within the
cells depending on your density of five
Alpha reductase enzymes now one
criticism of DHT is oh DHT is not as
important for muscle function because
people that don't have DHT can still
build muscle first of all I'm going to
destroy that in a video that I make on
DHT if you guys want one but two reasons
why that's false right it's half true
number one the reason why it's false is
simply because the reason why DHT does
not lead to higher muscle mass than
testosterone in the human body is
because of three hsd right it gets
broken down it gets broken down into
muscle before it gets a chance to do a
lot of this work in fact your body has
evolved that mechanism because the AC is
just too powerful it's too potent at
binding to the engine receptors so the
body had to evolve a way to regulate the
amount of DHD within the cell so that's
why three Alpha hsd breaks down DHD if
DHC was not broken down by 3hsd it would
be way more anabolic than testosterone
and we know that because certain DHT
derivative steroids who do not get
broken down by 3hsd and the other
enzymes that break down DHT are just and
stimulating hypertrophy and even
strength right so it's not that DHT
sucks at building muscle it's just it
gets broken down by DHT metabolizing
enzymes the second reason why people
think that blacking DHT does not affect
muscle mass because they forget that
finasteride and and dutasteride don't
block all of the DHT in your body right
obviously do that's the right blocks a
lot more of the 5al reductive family
then finasteride but you also have to
remember that there's at least three
there's five Alpha reductase one two and
three right and some so sometimes some
of the people that think that all of the
DHC levels are crushed to zero because
of DHC black and drugs sometimes they
have some DHT in certain cells of the
body even muscle cells that's made by
the other enzymes that are not being
blocked right because remember serum DHT
levels blood DHC levels are not
equivalent to DC levels within the body
not to mention that the body also makes
DHD from a backdoor pathway right so we
can't say for certain that blocking DHT
does not negatively affect muscle Mass
simply because we're not accounting for
all of the DHT in the body but I don't
want to make this video by the issue if
you want guys I can make a whole video
on DHD it will be like over an hour long
because it's one of the most
misunderstood and attack hormone in
today's day and age do not block your
DHC levels again I can't give you
medical advice because of legal reasons
but really between you and me for
educational purposes most people that
tell you the black DHT are clueless
about how the body works and they want
to castrate you chemically now what
about prostate cancer what about bold
and guys DHT does not directly cause
prostate cancer bolting that's another
myth right it plays a role absolutely
but other factors including lifestyle
inflammation even estrogen levels are
responsible for prostate cancer and
again when it comes to balding same
thing lifestyle diet inflammation blood
flow so many other factors play a role
in uh balding DHD is just one of the
[ __ ] Who's involved in that
process but he's not the one to blame
more often than not it's your genetics
your lifestyle your diet but anyway do
dhg goes in I'm about to nut category
and that goes both for total DHT and
free dish obviously unfortunately it's
very expensive to test for DHT and free
DHT but like I said at the end of the
video I'm going to show you guys I could
get it for free in fact since we have a
lot of things that I'm about to nut
category I'm going to put them in order
so I'm going to put like there you go
DHD being more important than dhas and
then Cortisone and DHEA I'm also going
to put this one here yeah so I'm going
to put them in order all right next
Astro dot a lot of people don't know
that there's no such hormone as estrogen
right there's no hormone called estrogen
estrogen is just a class of hormone
which is estradiol astral and estral
it's almost like testosterone is not
called Androgen right you don't just say
oh look I I have high Androgen right
testosterone is a type of antigen right
it's an androgenic hormone just like
again your androgens include
testosterone DHD DHEA androstaticone
right so you so we've fallen into the
habit of saying estrogen estrogen that's
why I like putting an S at the end of
estrogen right estrogen is plural so
people people know that it's not a
hormone it's a class of hormones right
so estradiol is the hormone that we
mainly refer to when people say estrogen
or or A2 right it is the most powerful
of the estrogen hormone family just like
DHD is the king of the androgens now
does it play well in muscle and strength
yes most people don't even know this
right people think oh yeah again you
just need testosterone and DHD no
estrogen Place evoline growth hormone
and igf-1 signaling it plays a role on
satellite cell proliferation for my
nucleus of a little [ __ ] out
there and in fact if you watch my videos
on like this they're on a lot of the
benefits of adlisterone mainly come from
activating the estrogen receptor beta
and not Alpha Beta the good one right
quote-unquote good one right obviously
estrogen receptor Alpha also has some
important functions but most of the
negative quote-unquote negative effects
of estrogen come from the alpha receptor
not the beta receptor right so the beta
receptors the quote-unquote good one I
have to say quote unquote because it's
not that simple right every hormone has
positive and negative functions so long
story short astrodite very important for
muscle mass in fact one of the reasons
why testosterone is so anabolic is
because it does convert to estrogen as
well as far as energy levels go
obviously he plays a role in energy
levels but it's not as direct as
testosterone so I'm not going to give it
that point it definitely plays a role in
motivation and aggression because
estradiol is so important for cognitive
function for neurons for neuron
Integrity for facilitating certain
Action potentials on and on I don't go
into the nerdy details but estrogen is
so important for cognition and brain
function and obviously even aggression
right there's a reason why there's a lot
of aromatase enzymes in the brain right
a lot of the effects were testosterone
once again are really done uh by
estrogen in the brain recovery and
immune function absolutely estrogen
actually increases immune function
whereas testosterone decreases again
it's more complex than that but I have
to keep it simple right that's the
reason why women have more autoimmune
issues than men right because the
estrogen is a lot more pro-inflammatory
which in some cases is horrible but in
some cases is also good and so when you
say it this last one goes down and your
estrogen goes up right your body needs
to upregulate the immune system
certain functions of the immune system
right again actually it's complicated I
can I can make whole separate videos
about DNA play between estrogen
intercessional immune system and that's
also one of the reasons why women
recover faster than men from training
that is and last but not least sexual
function absolutely once again this is a
scenario where testosterone gets credit
for something that estrogen is doing
right astrodol is extremely important
for sexual function
you don't believe me crush your Estrada
levels while keeping your testosterone
and DHD high and you're gonna suffer
from erectile dysfunction you might lose
your sex drive because once again after
dial plays a powerful role not only in
the brain which again sexual function
starts in the brain and uh and even in
your private so I'm gonna put Astra doll
at [ __ ] amazing the only reason why
it's not that I'm about to not category
is because it does not affect energy as
much as testosterone and DHT do right
obviously it does just not as much it
affects energy just not as much I have
to repeat that because I'm going to get
straw man in the comment section you
also have to remember that if your
estrogen levels are too high that's
going to down regulate the production of
GnRH and LH which eventually is going to
lead to lower total testosterone levels
right and so it's going to lead to low
DHEA and dhas because they're all
function Downstream of LH so you do not
want your extra dollar levels too high
again the inverter you curve I will sell
you guys you don't want extra dollar
levels too high because is going to lead
to lower testosterone levels and lower
DHEA lower DHT lower endosternity on but
you also don't want it too low because
now you're going to suffer from brain
issues cognition issues motivation
issues sex drive issues erectile
dysfunction recovery issues and
obviously issues with satellite cell
proliferation and differentiation so
again after that is extremely important
for male Health all right next free
testosterone now even a beginner should
know by now have the importance of free
testosterone right free testosterone is
really what gets to enter the cell and
do all of the cool things that
testosterone does right I can make a
separate video and for each testosterone
if you wish but for the beginners out
there total testosterone in the body is
bound to protein such as shbg sex homo
bite and globulin and albumin and it
cannot enter the cell effectively unless
it detaches from those binding proteins
obviously it's more tightly bound to
ssbg once it detaches from those carrier
protein is able to enter the sales more
easily and convert to either DHD
astridiologists activate the Androgen
receptor by itself right so free
testosterone is mostly the active
portion of testosterone now that doesn't
mean that ssbg is useless because it
also has another role in the body for
one it helps transport it starts from
DHD and estrogen around the body since
testosterone is a fat soluble molecule
but as I mentioned several times before
ssbg has other functions in the body it
has its own receptor so that's the one
exception to the whole only free T is uh
bioavailable thing right right because
total testosterone bound to ssbg can
also activate certain receptors in the
body such as the Magdalene receptor and
all that stuff but again I could make a
separate read about that so long story
short free testosterone if we want to
keep things simple is the quote-unquote
testosterone that matters the most right
that does not mean that total
testosterone is useless right I could
tell you guys right you also do not want
too much free testosterone because now
that's going to lead to too much
testosterone entering the brain down
regulating LH and GnRH which is going to
ultimately result to having lower
pregnant alone progesterone DHEA and
enter standard levels right so again
inverter U curve you do not want too
much free tea you want it to be high
right so above 200 picogram per
milliliter which is about 20 nanogram
per deciliter right ideally you want to
be above that the average person is only
at around half of that but you don't
want it to be so high that it shuts down
total testosterone production so I'm
gonna put free testosterone that I'm
about to not category and the only
reason why I'm putting it in front of a
DHD is because you cannot make DHD
without free testosterone right it has a
deep right testosterone has to First
detached from uh ssbg and IBM before it
enters the cell and gets converted to
DHT for the most part like I said there
are some exceptions but I gotta keep
this video simple next FSH follicle
stimulating hormone which is obviously
the hormone that goes to your testicles
analyze the production of sperm cells
right when your body releases GnRH from
the hypothalamus that goes hold on to
the pituitary gland and commends it to
release luteinizer hormone and follicle
synthesizing hormone obviously we know
LH goes and increases the production of
testosterone in the cells by increasing
the uh the entry of cholesterol into the
latex cells through a camp PKA dependent
pathway and FSH goes on to focus on
sexual function right sperm cells you
cannot pass on your genes without FSH
right in fact your balls will shrink it
without FSH because it enlarges the
testicles again I'm keeping it simple
here it's a lot more complicated than
this so number one does it affect muscle
and stress no you could have low FSH
levels and be strong as fight again
people on steroids have very very low
efficient levels but they're still
strong as [ __ ] right and again the
reason why they have a little FSH levels
is because they're constantly injecting
testosterone the constant increase in
testosterone and estradiolin DHT
unless they're taking an estrogen
blocker or a dish inhibitor which who
would
um leads to a down regulation of
luteinizing hormone and follicle
synthesizing hormone right so in fact
that's how you know a person is on
steroids right you know a person is on
trt or steroids if they have very very
low LH and FSH levels and very very high
test that's on it was just one of the
number one if not one of the best
outside right so that's why the ball
shrink it's mainly because of the down
regulation of FSH now where does the
rank high important it is to test for it
again it doesn't directly affect most of
the traffic doesn't directly affect
energy levels it does not directly
affect motivation aggression and
cognition it does not directly affect
recovery and immune function but it
obviously affects sexual function right
in case you want to reproduce that is
right if you want to pass on your genes
you need FSH so I'm going to put it at
bad again only for the sake of this
video that does not mean that FSH is a
bad hormone right I'm putting it at bad
only because of the criteria that we're
using for this stimulation we're looking
at the whole picture if this was the
tail is for most important hormones
reproduction obviously it'll be and I'm
about to not category but because we're
looking at five different factors here
including muscle energy motivation and
all that I'm gonna put it back because
it only checks one out of five so if
you're not really worried about
reproduction you can go without knowing
your FSH levels right so that's the only
reason why I'm putting in that bat don't
go in the comment section and say effort
search is not bad that's not what this
this Tail list is for even though I'm
putting in a bad I still recommend you
guys to test for your FSH levels because
it also shows you if your testicles are
responsive to to FSH right because if
you have testicular damage even as a
natural person you may have extremely
high FSH levels which is your body
telling you that hey you know like the
dough is not opening FSH is knocking and
it sells are not responding so I still
think you should test for it next your
human growth hormone which is obviously
released from the pituitary gland again
the brain is a [ __ ] beast right
almost all of your hormones come from
the brain so so how's it produced again
your hypothalamus releases ghrh which is
growth hormone releasing hormone shout
out to the guy who named it he was
probably lazy as [ __ ] and then I go see
your pituitary gland tells the pituitary
gland to release growth hormone which
again goes to liver and causes the liver
to release igf-1 growth hormone also
goes through other parts of the body and
does what it's called for grow right it
helps it facilitates and growth now is
important for muscle and strength
obviously but not directly it's
indirectly right it's mainly through
igf-1 and and some of its effects on my
stand and things like that so it plays a
role in muscle growth but it's mostly
indirect and for the sake of the stairs
things that have too much of an indirect
rule are not going to be ranked as high
so again that does not mean that growth
hormone is not important it's extremely
important but as far as what's a test
for if you're on a limited budget I'm
not going to rake it as high but yes it
plays a role in muscle and strength it
obviously plays a role in energy
it plays a role in cognition but not so
much aggression and motivation right
it's not such a direct effect relative
to testosterone that is because as I
said earlier in the video all of these
play World in the five criteria that I
mentioned it's just some of them are
more direct and more important than
others right so compared to testosterone
growth hormone does not increase
positive regression and motivation as
much it does it increases it just not as
much but it has a lot of effects on uh
memory alertness and all that stuff
right so don't miss quote me on this it
also affects recovery and immune
function and again also sexual function
but again most of these things are
through igf-1 so I'm gonna put growth
hormone that [ __ ] amazing the only
reason why it's not higher is because as
I said earlier most of his effects are
indirect they're through igf-1 which
brings us to the next one igf-1
insulin-like growth factor one which is
produced mainly by the liver but also by
muscle itself right so the liver mix as
if one and that's the blood igf on
levels that you normally detect on tests
but your muscles also produce their own
igf-1 right usually called mechanic
growth factor and that one is actually
more important for anabolism muscle
growth than systemic igf-1 but again
I've got to keep this video short I keep
forgetting to not nerd out when I talk
about these topics but long story short
average one is important for muscle and
strength not as much as testosterone but
they work together so if testosterone is
high and hydrophone is low you're not
going to have enhanced anabolism simply
because testosterone mainly plays a role
in DNA transcription whereas most of the
MRNA translation in muscle cells is due
to our gf1 right through the rgf-1
receptor because that's Upstream of M2
and p70s6k right the whole ribosome
Genesis uh Cascade so igf1 is important
because it works with testosterone to
build muscle it's also important for
regulating satellite cells by nuclei
donation but as I said earlier this
mainly due to igf1 levels inside the
muscle cells made by the muscle cells
not so much systemic hydrophone levels
which is what most blood tests detect
you also have to keep in mind that igf-1
counteracts a lot of the negative
effects of myostatin right they compete
with each other for functions in the
body but last but not least I think I
think one of the most underrated
functions of igf1 is the fact that it
increases DHT levels right five Alpha
reductors which is the enzyme that
converts
testosterone DHT is highly influenced by
your igf phone levels right and DHT also
affects sexual function so long story
short I'm going to put igf-1 in [ __ ]
amazing category the only reason why
it's not higher is because the blood
test that you're going to do to measure
your gf1 levels is only going to show
you blood out your phone levels it's not
going to show you intracellular
um igf-1 levels also because a lot of
the powerful effects of rgf-1 are
useless if your DHD and your
testosterone levels are too low right so
by itself it's not as potent and it does
not check as many boxes as testosterone
ADHD does that's why I can't put it up
there but it is a [ __ ] amazing
hormone it is extremely important
for overall male Health next we have
insulin produced by your pancreas one of
the most underrated hormones in the body
it affects muscle and strength because
again it's what allows you to absorb
glucose is what allows amino acids to
enter the cell most people think that
insulin only facilitates glucose entry
into the cell no it also allows you to
absorb amino acids not just glucose so
without insulin you pretty much die
right whereas without testosterone you
can kind of survive all right your
quality of your life is going to be [ __ ]
but you can still survive to an extent
whereas without insulin you drop that so
it affects muscle and strength it
affects your energy levels because if
you're insulin resistant then guess what
no glucose is making into the cells
amino acids are going to have a hard
time entering certain tissues of your
body so you're going to have an issue
synthesizing dopamine from tyrosine you
can have an issue with no adrenaline
levels I can go on and on right so
insulin is crucial for energy levels
crucial for muscle and strength
important for motivation and aggression
and cognition important for recovery and
obviously sexual function in fact
insulin to be honest is at the top of
everything here because without insulin
your whole body shuts down right so I
have to put insulin in front of every
single hormone here if you insulin
resistant you are [ __ ] everything goes
downhill from there so you don't want to
do blood work and see very high insulin
levels especially if you fasted right
next LH luteinizing hormone right again
produced by your pituitary gland after
under the command of the hypothalamus
which releases GnRH gonadotropin
releasing hormone and as mentioned
several times that's the hormone that
goes to your testicles and tells your
balls to take in cholesterol and convert
it into testosterone in the mitochondria
right so without LH for the most part
because once again there are exceptions
your body's going to have a hard time
making testosterone the reason why I say
for the most part is because your body
can also make testosterone using your
catecholamines right dopamine or
adrenaline but that's mainly for acute
Rises and testosterone not to have
prolonged elevated Baseline test that's
one you don't need allergies for that
right in fact HCG mimics LH right they
all work through the same password which
is pretty much increasing uh cyclic amp
levels in the cells which leads to PKA
activation which leads to s-star
activation and the entry of free
cholesterol into the mitochondria to be
converted to pregnenolone and then
progesterone and then dehydroepy
androsterone or Andrew Standalone and
eventually testosterone so LH is the
master under GnRH that kicks us this
whole process LH also tells you a lot of
information about if the hormones are
actually activating The receptors
because remember it doesn't matter how
many hormones you have it doesn't matter
what the hormone levels are you could
have high testosterone but if your
energy receptor is [ __ ] over 90
percent of the effects that testosterone
getting negated right because most of
the effects of testosterone or two
bonding to the receptor it has some
other effects outside of the Androgen
receptor but for the most part most of
the effects of your hormones are through
the receptors and if your receptors are
trash or to be specific your Exodia
receptor your LH will give you a hint
for example estradiol is what goes to
the brain and tells the brain to start
producing LH obviously testosterone ADHD
do so as well but after that is a lot
more powerful at doing that so if you
have very high LH levels it's usually a
sign that either your testicles are not
responding to LH to produce testosterone
or that your estrogen levels are too low
right because if your estrogen levels
were high then your LH should be low
right anyway I'm going to put Elisha
[ __ ] amazing only reason why it's not
higher is because it does not directly
affect all the five things that make up
the criteria it does it indirectly
through obviously stimulation of
estrogen and testosterone and things
like that all the other stuff so that's
always why it's not ours because it is
not directly give you those effects next
testosterone Big Daddy Long straw
because my boy Andre likes to say ah you
guys know how much I love this molecule
nobody on planet Earth knows more about
testosterone than I do I know it sounds
cocky but it's not cocky if you could
back it up this is the hormone that I've
studied damn near my entire life that's
why I hate when these it influences want
to give advice on testosterone and
dispute nonsense because I'm just saying
that I'm like what the [ __ ] nobody has a
clue how long they are right it's
usually the guy who reads a few articles
or a few abstracts and thinks he knows
what he's talking about most people know
nothing about testosterone guys and you
could find this out after just hearing
them speak about it for 20 seconds
they either under hype it or over hype
it but long story short if you watch my
channel you already know testosterone is
one of the most important hormones in
the male body it's not even close every
single relevant pathway is a fact about
testosterone your muscle your strength
your energy your motivation your
aggression your cognition your immune
system your recovery your sexual
function your vascular function your
heart health your lung Health your your
bone density every thing you could think
about that's relevant to Performance and
reproduction and whatever is under the
control of testosterone and it's
metabolized of course it's conversion to
DHT and estrogen so when anyone comes to
you and tells you testosterone is
overrated testosterone is not that
important tell them to suck your dick
under a sunny sky
I can stand misinformation I can't stand
idiots but anyway guys testosterone is
what I call the hormone of God this
hormone single-handedly shaped human
history as we know it I can't wait till
I have more time so I can tell you guys
all of the Wonders and beauty of this
hormone without testosterone the entire
human race goes extinct I'm gonna put it
in I'm about to nut category
and the only reason I'm not putting it
above insulin is obviously because what
I'm saying with that
whereas without testosterone you'll
eventually die but it's gonna take a lot
longer right if men took their
testosterone levels more seriously again
through fixing the diet their sleep
their lifestyle the Stress Management
the sunlight exposure the exposure to
women and their sexual activity all
those things right we will have such a
much better world the world is
surrounded by [ __ ] fake men weak men
victim mindset [ __ ] I mean all
of the [ __ ] that we see around the
world today both in politics and in our
around our society it's due to
testosterone levels plummeting guys
because high testosterone man would not
have put up with the [ __ ] that we've
seen today the attack on our kids the
attack on our on the very structure of
society the attack on the boundaries
between right and wrong all of this is
due to a deficiency in estrogens right
men are [ __ ] now it's a fact No One
Believes In might No One Believes In
strength anymore No One Believes In
mental toughness anymore No One Believes
In accountability anymore again all of
the things that enhances which is work
ethics suffer accountability
responsibility motivation to be great
motivation to protect your loved ones
all of those things are being slowly
raised for my societies because
testosterone is plummeting masculinity
is dying because the hormone of
masculinity is slowly going down the
drain the powers that be wanna control
us through what controlling our
testosterone levels because they're
small they know that if they control the
testosterone production of men they
thereby control the masculinity of man
and that is no one left to oppose them
so again that's the topic for a
different video because I don't want to
get to political but whatever next
pregnant alone
another very underrated hormone that has
many effects on the body believe it or
not even outside of his conversion the
testosterone but I'm only going to put
it at okay simply because the vast
majority of pregnant alone's effects are
due to its conversion to the downstream
hormones such as progesterone DHEA
testosterone DHD all that stuff right so
pregnant is important because again
without pregnant alone you're not making
none of these almost up there but the
reason why I'm putting a low on the list
is because pregnenolone also means very
little if it doesn't convert to these
hormones so again it's a powerful
precursor hormone it also has its own
effects on the body outside of
conversion especially in the brain but
as far as its Direct effects on muscle
energy motivation all that stuff I'm
gonna put it lower because a lot of its
effects are indirect right still
conversion now in the brain it's a bit
different but I could make a whole video
about bringing that alone
same thing with progesterone right just
like what I said about pregnenolone if
you're a male that is right if you're
male most of the effects are
progesterone apart from some of the
effects that it has on the brain those
are directly through progesterone and
this conversion to Progesterone
metabolites but most of the effects are
progesterone most of the benefits of
progesterone are through conversion to
DHEA and ultimately Andrew Stanley on
the testosterone and stuff like that so
so it's a very crucial precursor hormone
but as far as it's Direct effects those
parallel in comparison to the other
hormones higher on the list so I'm going
to put it at okay now when it comes to
your brain just like pregnant alone
that's a little different right you
definitely need progesterone and
Pregnant alone for optimal brain
function but that's only one criteria
out of five but that's not the majority
of the criteria on this list
next prolactin another misunderstood
hormone right obviously again is is
released by the pituitary gland under
the command of you guessed it the
hypothalamus right the hypothalamus
releases tra Styles and releasing
hormone yes the same hormone that
releases thyroid hormone is also the
hormone that commands the pituitary
gland to release prolactin and prolactin
goes on to the various tissues of the
body to exert these functions now you
need prolactin to live right but I think
it's a really bad rep but that's only if
it's in excess amounts remember inverter
you curve you don't want anything too
low you don't want anything too high if
you're prolactin was too low your life
would be miserable you'll have a hard
time enjoying pleasure enjoying fun
feeling satisfied in fact most of the
positive effects of Serotonin is through
upregulation or prolactin right so you
need prolactin mostly to be satisfied in
life you don't want it to be too high
because now it has negative effects on
the production of dopamine and
testosterone and and the signaling of
many of the home ones but you do not
want it to be too low right the no Fab
streaming retention movement has
demonized product and so much that
everyone thinks that oh but Latin is the
enemy that's that's like thinking
goddess was the enemy right yes they
have negative effects but that's when
they're in excess amounts in the
elevator for too long but acute spikes
in prolactin are fine and needed to
maintain homeostasis in the body now if
prolactin is too elevated now it's going
to obviously shut down testosterone
production which we don't want right so
the only time I'd be worried is if your
production levels are too high right and
obviously too low if they're within
range don't freak out now another reason
you don't want prolactin levels too high
because that's also a sign that your
dopamine levels are too low right
because one of dopamine's main functions
is to inhibit prolactin in fact dopamine
used to be called prolactin inhibiting
hormones for a reason so your prolactin
levels tell you a lot about not just the
hormonal balance of your body but the
neural transmitter balance of your body
right also keep in mind that with our
prolactin your testosterone levels will
keep Rising infinitely after sex which
is another reason why we have a
refractory period prolactin plays a huge
role in a refractory period else you
would just keep clapping cheeks or being
in me forever without palack then your
sex drive will constantly go up as your
testosterone levels increase as a result
of visual stimuli or physical stimuli
through sex all right so we need
prolactin to get that personal Clarity
moment we need prolactin to say hey you
know what I'm done eating this food I'm
satisfied I'm about to go to bed I'm
about to go to sleep you need [ __ ]
them to say hey testosterone levels
don't go up to astronomical levels which
is going to destroy your immune system
and eventually kill you right because
remember testosterone suppresses a big
personal immune system so prolactin is
important for keeping your life
homeostasis do not demonize it if it's
in a healthy range now obviously I'm
going to put it out of at okay because
it does not have Direct effects or I
should say powerful Direct effects on
muscle energy and other things that I'm
ranking high on this list it mainly has
indirect effects but if your G levels
are low or you feel like [ __ ] you might
want to look at your Palatine to see if
it's due to low dopamine levels or
elevated estradiol or things like that
right also if your estrogen levels are
too high you're prolactin will also be
too high right dopamine lowers but like
then estrogen increases prolactin
next shbg sex hormone biting globulin
wash my part on free testosterone I'll
go into the details now obviously it's
not really a hormone the only reason why
I put it here is because it does if you
want to be technical it does have a
receptor it does influence the body in
in Pathways independent of its uh role
as a transporter as a homo transporter
but I'm also putting it here to give
emphasis to free testosterone so once
again you want to test your sex on my
body globulin levels because not only it
shows you if you're insulin resistant or
not all right if your sgbg is too low
that's also a sign of insulin resistance
because ssbg is made in the liver so if
your insulin levels are too high and you
have too much inflammation in the liver
as stage Beauty production is going to
go down also keep in mind that you do
not want acid Refugee too low because I
see a lot of people are thinking oh
because low ssbg means Higher free
testosterone let me lower sgpg to zero
once again inverted u-curve you want to
lower shbg but only for it to be
somewhere within the range you don't
want to be lower than what it's supposed
to be because then yes you're going to
have temporarily High free testosterone
levels but free to start something to be
so high that eventually is going to
reduce total testosterone and DHEA and
other androgens you don't want that you
need shpg to keep the balance between
total testosterone and free testosterone
you also need ssbg to carry these
[ __ ] hormones to the
destination faster since they have a
hard time moving uh to blood because
again like I mentioned earlier they're
fat soluble not water soluble ssbg is
the bus it's the carrier that carries
your crucial fat soluble hormones it
just testosterone ADHD to their
destination also like I said earlier
ssbg is what stops your brain from being
overloaded with too much testosterone
and eventually estradiol which obviously
is going to lead to lower luteinizing
hormone which we also don't want and
again all of this is an addition officer
facts on insulin sensitivity also keep
in mind that ssbg is what keeps
testosterone for from being degraded too
fast in the body right so you want a
decent amount of ssbg to actually keep
testosterone from being broken down too
fast so contrary to what you've been
told if you're healthy higher
accessibility levels usually lead to
higher total testosterone levels it's
only when ssbg is too high that you
start to experience issues because now
yeah you're going to end up with high
total testosterone but then your free T
is going to be too low so again inverted
[ __ ] you curve you guys are
going to hear this every time in my
videos so where does it rank [ __ ]
amazing because it gives you so much
information about your body now it
doesn't directly increase muscle and
energy and motivation Etc function and
all that right but it indirectly does so
that's the only reason why I'm putting
it lower next T3 to be specific try iodo
thyronin try idle because it's three
iodine instead of four four T4 but
anyway T3 How Does It produced once
again your hypothalamus releases trh
which is thyrotropin releasing hormone
which then goes on your pituitary gland
and commends it to release keysh right
which is thyroid stimulating hormone TSH
then go see your thyroid gland and
causes it to release T4 which eventually
converts to T3 right so T3 is the active
the more active form of G4 right now
what does T3 do to be specific free T3
right because eventually just like
testosterone binds to shbg T3 also binds
to his carrier protein so so obviously
it's free T3 that does most of his
effects on the body but anyway what does
T3 do guys your thyroid hormones control
God damn near everything your metabolism
your muscle function your energy levels
your brain function your recovery your
immune system you say every part of your
body is the fact that both directly and
indirectly by your thyroid hormones even
a production of testosterone even the
production of DHT because thyroid
hormones obviously a regulate five Alpha
reluctant T3 is King I'm gonna put it
right there even in front of
testosterone right because if your
thyroid levels go too low eventually
your testosterone levels will plummet
thyroid hormones is how you body senses
if it should spend energy into
reproduction and growth instead of
survival right very similar to leptin
it's a cold Master regulator of your
entire body if you eat like [ __ ] you
sleep like [ __ ] or you're under too much
stress your body is going to lower
thyroid production because once again
now it's time to focus on Survival not
reproduction so your energy will suffer
your muscle mass will suffer your immune
function will suffer thyroid hormones
are so underrated next T4 now again the
only reason I'm not putting T4 next to
T3 is because most of the effects of
thyroid hormones are through conversion
of T4 to T3 and eventually obviously
free G3 once it's removed from its
binding protein but it's still important
because obviously your body cannot
effectively make T3 without T4 so T4 is
important because it actually shows you
if your thyroid gland is working if your
thyroid gland is responsive to TSH the
only reason I'm not putting it higher on
the list is because again if your T4 is
high but your T3 is is low then I kind
of defeats the purpose right you want G4
to convert to T3 so I'm gonna put G4 at
[ __ ] amazing same goes for free T4
watch the part about T3 to pretty see
the importance of thyroid hormone also
keep in mind that your thyroid hormones
work as transcription factors so a lot
of your genes are not going to be
transcribed regardless of your genetics
if your thyroid function is too low next
TSH again as mentioned earlier TSH is
produced by the pituitary gland
Downstream of trh which stands for
thyotropin releasing hormone released by
the hypothalamus GSS then goes on to
your thyroid gland and orders it to
produce T4 which eventually converts to
T3 and speeds up your metabolism
transcribes genes and allows for the
production of testosterone DHT a lot of
other hormones in the body and
regulation overall metabolism but again
TSH is similar to LH right it's the
hormone that tells your body to produce
thyroid hormones so I'm going to put
that in [ __ ] amazing not going to put
it higher simply because it isn't
directly influence muscle energy
motivation all that stuff it indirectly
does it through the conversion of G4 and
eventually T3 so that's the only reason
why it's in [ __ ] amazing and not high
also the importance of testing for TSH
is because it tells you if the T3 and
the free T3 is actually entering the
cells and doing this job because if T3
is not doing its job meaning let's say
you have high T3 but but symptoms of
hypothyroidism one way you're going to
know is if your TSH is high because if
your TSH is high then that means your
body is not producing enough T3 to go
back to the brain and do negative
feedback right because gsh tells your
body to make T3 T3 then goes on to your
brain in terms of the stop making TSH so
if you see elevated TSH levels I don't
care how high your T3 and T4 levels are
some things wrong just like if you see
very high LH levels usually something is
wrong with either testosterone or
astrodite functioning all right next
last but not least vitamin D which
everyone thinks is a vitamin when it's
really a hormone watch my video on some
light that I made years ago before
people finally caught up to the
importance of getting daily sunlight
exposure but long story short vitamin D
which is really a hormone again called
calcitriol is incredibly important for
muscle mass energy levels brain function
motivation recovery sexual function it
is pretty much Upstream of almost every
hormone on this list vitamin D is so
important as a hormone that it led to
the entire creation of quote-unquote
erase right white people think about it
guys white people exist because of
vitamin D right again if you watch my
video on sunlight I go into the nerdy
details but sunlight is so important
that humans had to evolve wider skin
when it went up north away from the
equator away from Africa think about
that for a second that is the importance
of vitamin D it's not just for bone it's
not just for calcium entry into the
cells it has so many other roles even in
the production of testosterone and all
the other more popular hormones almost
every and organ and selling your body
has vitamin D receptors right if your
vitamin D levels are too low which is
most black people outside of Africa not
for the Equator so in Europe in North
America or people with pale skin but who
put too many layers on or don't go
outside as much your body is gonna
suffer you will never be at paid
performance unless your vitamin D levels
are in a healthy range ideally in the
optimal range of course right it's one
of the most underrated hormones in the
body and obviously it goes in I'm about
to nut category so quick summary
hormones are extremely important you
should test them frequently to see
Trends in your health Trends in the
state of your body not just a one-time
snapshot but overall progression ideally
you want them to stay at an ideal range
you want them to slightly Trend up or
worst case scenarios stay flat you do
not want to see your negative Trend in
the state of your hormones obviously
reverse it for the negative hormones
right you don't want them to train up
over time but here's a bonus here are
three ways he actually forgot to include
those but there are three ways you guys
can know if all of these hormones are
optimized without spending a boatload of
money to companies we take advantage of
your desire to improve your health I'm
so upset that it costs so much money for
people to check the status of their
health right think about it for a second
why does it cost hundreds and hundreds
of dollars just to see if you healthy
because the medical industry wants you
to be sick because they had a small
money in their pockets right they want
you to come when it's too late they want
you to come when it's beyond natural
Rejuvenation strategies this way they
could sell you overpriced medicine right
so making it hard for you to test for
your hormones is one sneaky way they
find a way to take advantage of you
right because if you don't test and your
home was good as [ __ ] now most people
are going to refuse to obviously fix
them naturally they're gonna go too big
for them or they're going to spend
thousands of dollars to get it fixed so
it's a shame that it costs so much for
your hormones which is why I come in
guys three ways to know if your hormones
are in balance is simple number one
check your blood pressure regularly it's
very cheap to test for your blood
pressure one you could just buy a device
for less than 50 bucks It's Gonna Last
you a lifetime or you could borrow from
somebody else or you can go into a
college campus or any facility that will
allow you to test your blood pressure
for free right I test my blood pressure
every [ __ ] morning because your blood
pressure will let you know if something
is wrong in your body it's one of the
it's one of the best canaries in the
coal mine there's a reason why every
time you go to the doctor one of the
first things they do is check your blood
pressure so why not buy the device
yourself for less than 50 bucks or like
I said borrow from somebody else and
test it every morning number two your
blood sugar that is so important test
your blood glucose frequently knife is
in a normal range there's no worry but
get into the habit of pricking your
goddamn finger you're not going to feel
a thing unless you're a [ __ ] it doesn't
hurt it's a drop of blood that comes out
it costs less than 20 bucks It's Gonna
Last you once again years think about it
less than 20 bucks and it's gonna last
years and allow you to check your blood
sugar because guess what if your insulin
is out of whack your blood glucose will
tell you if your testosterone is too low
your blood sugar will be elevated if
your cortisol is too high your blood
sugar would be elevated I mean your
blood sugar tells you so much about the
state of your body right if your DHT is
too low your blood glucose is going to
be elevated because DHT and DHEA are
extremely powerful at making yourself
sensitive to insulin so it takes less
than 20 seconds maybe 30 seconds Max to
test your blood sugar it takes less than
30 seconds to test your blood pressure
and that will give you so much
information about the state of your body
and it won't cost you hundreds and
hundreds of dollars and last but not
least watch my video on dynamometers
testing your grip strength if there's
one thing you can do to know if your
overall hormonal balance is in check is
to test your grip strength frequently I
know it sounds crazy I know you think it
will can I just drain my grocery
shopping is going to go up or don't
bigger people have watched the video
they already did on grip strand we do
article on it even if you account for
all of those factors apart from outliers
of course your grip strength is one of
the best non-invasive cheap ways to
measure your overall Androgen status
because it accounts for your Androgen
your testosterone your DHT it accounts
for your adrenal hormones it accounts
for your cortisol your t2c ratio
everything is factored into your grade
strength it is so sensitive to changes
in your hormones if I if you do
something that lowers your T levels you
will see it in your grip strength in
minutes not hours minutes and if you do
something that drastically increases
your testosterone levels you also will
notice it in your grip strength in
minutes in some cases it's in seconds it
is extremely sensitive I could make
another dedicated video to show you guys
the nerdy mechanisms that explain why
grip strength is such a powerful
predictor of testosterone levels and
sperm function and all that but so if
you want it just vote in the next poll
but long story short if if you have a
dynamometer and again I make no money
from this because I could easily put
Amazon links and affiliate links and
make a ton of money from recommending
these things but once again I keep my
Channel free from conflicts of interest
so I am not telling you guys what device
I use what brand it is I'm not using the
Amazon link this way you know that I
have zero zero accomplish of Interest go
out there get a cheap dynamometer that
less than 30 bucks and once again
They're Gonna Last you a lifetime or the
free alternative is borrow from somebody
else or use your scale at home but when
you total up the cost of the dynamometer
the blood pressure monitor and uh and
the finger breaking blood glucose thing
guys it's less than 100 bucks and again
it's Gonna Last you for so long and it's
going to give you much better
information than actually doing the
blood work again if you can afford the
blood work do it but those three things
are just listed give you much more
information because it doesn't matter
what your hormones look like on paper
all that matters is all those hormones
activating The receptors and are they
giving the standard result are they
giving you the correct signs and
symptoms right and that's what those
three things measure your blood pressure
your blood sugar and your grip strength
right those three things going I'm about
to not category rather than a hormones
of course but you get the point because
remember it's not about testosterone
it's about net Androgen status which is
the balance between your androgens and
your anti-androgens that's it guys big
shout out again to up for making this
tier list which saves me a ton of time
because all I gotta do is just hit
record and start doing what I do best
join the Instagram join the Discord for
those who want to volunteer help in the
production on those videos such as
creating tier lists and helping with
edits and making shorts and all that
stuff join the Discord and I'm gonna add
you guys to the volunteer group and for
those who want to support the channel
financially go to the website and grab a
copy of the ebook which once again does
not have information that you cannot get
for free on my videos articles Reddit
Discord and Instagram that's just for
people who want to support the channel
since I refuse to open a patreon bye
guys go out there and dominate your life
say [ __ ] you to Big farmer take control
of your life know how your body works
know your hormones and do what is
necessary to keep your body healthy you
over to yourself all right I'm out of
here
all right guys don't forget to like or
share the video subscribe and hit the
bell and by my HSB nucleus of a little
training program it's the ultimate
program for maximum muscle growth it
includes full body workout splits bro
splits Push Pull home workouts you name
it also comes with a complete guide for
macros nutrition fat loss muscle growth
hormones including a meal plan it's
pretty much all my 16 years of
experience condensed into one [ __ ]
book you're also going to get free
copies of any future Edition so visit
team3dalpha.com and you can use the 40
off coupon code nucleus of the Lord or
you could just buy the share full price
all right guys I'm out of here
