hey guys going on Megan here back with
another video on the very best exercises
ranked so we did chest we did back I
believe we did yeah we did chest them
back and based on your votes you wanted
shoulders to be next I got a lot of
votes and shoulders and up next is
probably gonna be between tribes triceps
boxes whatever just vote below alright
let's get straight to it son make this
meat as short as possible alright so
again keep in mind if you should first
time watching these videos I'm using the
simple criteria which is if you could
only pick one exercise for the rest of
your life the reason why I do it that
way is because every exercise is good
right every shoulder exercise has its
place in a workout program but obviously
you have opportunity costs right meaning
if you you know the the exercises that
you actually perform towards the end of
your workout are not gonna be as
effective as if you had performed them
earlier this is facts you know mainly
because the CNS fatigue and things like
that you know I'll be able to recruit
the high threshold motor unit so you
obviously want to put the best exercises
at the beginning of your program of your
workout routine and then the other the
other exercises at the end so if you
could only pick one exercise what would
it be so that's the criteria I'm using
okay so when I say an exercise is bad or
pure garbage in the context of this
video it does not mean that you know
it's a useless exercise it just means if
I if I could only pick one it wouldn't
be it alright alright let's get to it
uh all right I'm gonna randomly pick him
right so let's start with front raises
front raises pure garbage right pure
garbage city front raises if I could
only pick one exercise for the rest of
my life for shoulders it would not be
the city of front raise and it's very
simple and first of all you you mainly
targeting your fun with your front delts
but she's already gonna get a lot of
work from you know prices and benching
and stuff like that yes you're gonna get
sub site that involvement depending on
where you know are your pinky and your
thumb is facing but it's definitely
gonna be my want you know my king of all
exercises for shoulders if I could only
pick one next you got the side lateral
leaning on the bench
um I'm gonna put that one out okay right
so low-key exercise obviously you guys
know I love shoulders right I love
shoulders and traps so I've trained
shoulders from every angle you can think
about right I really really wanted to
bring him up and when I when I started
working out so I tried every single
movement the side lateral leaning on the
bench yes it's good right it's good at
talking in the side delts it's my it's
not time efficient right you go do one
arm at a time you know I feel like that
better alternatives and also the benefit
of leaning on the bench to kind of
increase that tension you can actually
get that Justin doing cables so I'm just
gonna put that okay next fundraise I'm
gonna put that one that bad sort of pure
garbage right that's the front raise
with the barbell actually no I'm gonna
put it I'm gonna put it out okay why now
why am I putting this one out okay
instead of pure garbage when I had the
other one out there simply because
you're so recruiting a lot of traps now
no this is the video for shoulders bunch
of recruiting a lot of traps when you're
doing standing front
Barbara raises you using your front
delts your side delts obviously you know
almost zero Road out but just recruiting
a little a little bit of your upper
traps you know which you know it helps
with efficiency so I'm gonna put that
when I okay the basic side lateral
that's what I'm gonna put believe it or
not I'm gonna put it at I'm gonna put it
okay right I feel like it's too
overrated yes
the site does is you know one of the
most important has I personally believe
the rear deltoid is more important and
aside but it's very hard to use the side
that what are using the posterior delts
at the same time you know believe it or
not they both engage when you're doing
side laterals or reverse pack that stuff
like that but I think some overrated
exercise simply because there's almost
no [ __ ] tension at the beginning of
the movement when you're doing dumbbell
laterals whether you're standing or
seated there's almost no tension at the
bar right it's only as you get closer to
the mid-range or to the top that you
start to feel tension so I feel like a
lot of Energy's wasted a lot of time is
wasted so I'm gonna put it out okay the
better version is coming up
anyway next up up there it is right
cable solid rules I'm gonna put them on
that [ __ ] amazing right cable side
laterals first again I'm recruiting my
friend else even though it's to the side
I depend on you know how you angle your
your thumb I'm recruiting my side delt
and I have constant tension throughout
the entire range of motion you know you
feel it you know you could do side
laterals with the dumbbells you can
crank out forty thirty pounds but on the
cable that [ __ ] with Humber the [ __ ] are
you alright great tension on the side
delts and on the front else as well next
you have the bent over reverse cable
flyes I'm gonna put that one that
[ __ ] amazing I absolutely love this
exercise in fact yeah I'm gonna put down
for amazing I love this exercise whether
you're doing the band over or standing
again you using a lot of posterior delts
which I believe is the most important
head followed by the side delt
well but you're still getting some med
backing involved man you're still
getting some miles and trash you know
what guys I'm gonna put that [ __ ] I'm
about to that yeah I'm putting on that
about I love the exercise it's just so
much better than just the standard cable
side lateral right you know and of
course I get me wrong this I laterally
also the man you've lost some upper trap
depend on how heavy you go but just the
bent over or standing reverse fly is
such a better exercise for shoulders and
trust me you do five sets of 20 or five
sets of 15 on those or whatever rep
range or scheme you you know you're
gonna drop set supersize I don't care
you're gonna feel it all over your
shoulders next up the side actually want
to come back to that one in a minute I
bent over raises with the dumbbell I'm
gonna put them on okay alright for the
same reason you know why I put the
dumbbell side laterals that okay right
there's no tension in the beginning it's
only when you get to put a mid range or
the upper end you get a lot of tension
on your on your posterior delts it also
targets your side out so when I put that
one out okay next you have the side
laterals but leaning to the side again
I'm gonna put that one also out okay
yes leaning to the side is gonna you
know
put more attention on the side delts
you know based or based off the angle
gravity but again it's not gonna be a
[ __ ] amazing
you only hitting your side there's a
little bit of fun Dallas and a little
bit upper traps next reverse back deck
[ __ ] amazing
right I normally don't put machine
exercises that high but boy that
exercise will fry this [ __ ] out of your
posterior delts and your side that's and
obviously your mid-back strong boys a
little bit depending on your form you
know if you go really heavy and you
start using momentum or just going heavy
in general you're gonna recruit some
rhomboids and and mid traps but again it
depends on how efficient you trying to
be you know if you trying to just
isolate the results fine I worked if
you're trying to use the real deaths and
the posterior train opposition then you
know that that works as well alright
next let's see faceful I'm about and
this is one of the best he again like I
said I love training the posterior delts
so this is one of the best exercises out
there and not just for posterior delts
but you're also getting inside that's
Billy but now you're sitting your front
desk with your arms are just elevated
the whole time
you know hitting them so huge degree but
they still being activated and you're
hitting your upper traps and you're
hitting your wrong boys and your mid
traps great exercise overall as far as
efficiency goes you know if I could only
pick one exercise for shoulders you know
I definitely would not hesitate to pick
the face ball
next the upright row but this one would
close great I'm gonna put that one I
know a lot people gonna hate this man
but I'm gonna put that one at okay
simply because you actually could use a
lot of weight you know you cannot
recruit all the fibers that I mentioned
but you know a lot of people actually
injured so the issues myself included
and I said this exercise just [ __ ] me
up know you guys know I have two very
bad shoulder injuries so I gotta be very
careful which exercises I pick and this
one just [ __ ] me up you know it just
[ __ ] me up badly but it's a great
exercise you know it's just that a lot
of people get a lot of sodium for
instance using it so I'm gonna put that
one out okay
now the wide grip of pyro believe it or
not I'm about to not category right so
to me that is one of the best shoulder
builders ever simply because one it's
easy on the devs right so you don't have
to worry about the clothes great
bodacious with the clothes perversion
he's easy honest on the delts it's
hitting your side delts to an extreme
degree it's hitting your upper traps a
lot a lot of you studies also back that
up is hitting your your real adults if
you lean if you bend over slightly all
right it's doing a little bit of bike so
but again we're not trying to hit bicep
here and it's also hitting you know a
good portion of your mid of your
mid-back right it's a great great
exercise great exercise is just I mean
just doing high-volume on the wire if
you don't believe me do high-volume
widely pop I roll and watch how you feel
the next day I mean your your entire
yoke it's gonna get activated so
definitely all this exercise next behind
the neck press I'm about to not that is
my number one pressing movement of all
time for shoulders by falling and I love
this exercise so much that despite my
shoulder pain I still find a way to keep
going there I lower the weight go for
higher reps even when I take breaks from
the gym and I get back my shoulders hard
like hey like help because this injuries
we just never go away but I still find a
way to get my beyond that prices done
you know those that movement has put so
much mass on my shoulders behind the
neck and I know it's very very you know
it gets a bad rap you know because
people talk about oh yeah this is
missing that I feel like me to the first
one did behind-the-neck presses I'll be
honest with you guys it had felt natural
but I just simply because I was never in
that position you know before right if
you don't if you don't long enough
eventually to become natural right now
do man I barely feel any pain except for
the first recess because of the injuries
um but again it's just you know if
you're sure there's a super bad I'm not
saying you go out there and fight
through the pain it's just the exercise
was so good that I could not remove my
program now when I write programs for
class I don't put behind the neck press
update simply because I don't want you
to [ __ ] your shoulders up one thing I
learned after all these years of lifting
his injuries are [ __ ] [ __ ]
right when you're young you don't care
about injuries but when it starts to
pile up trust me
you know you I wish I could go back in
time like I have 90% my body's injured
so yeah so when I write programs I don't
put behind a neck press for that purpose
you know don't people to [ __ ] that [ __ ]
up and be my situation but other than
that one of the best movements if
performed correctly next reverse flyes
again [ __ ] amazing right the first
one was with the backpack this one is
just with the cables I put that one in
[ __ ] amazing for the same reason as
the other one you know recruits your
your side delts your adults a little bit
of your fund outs and obviously your
upper back and your mid-back in one
voice next you have the track bar so the
process actually picture me doing these
years ago I'm gonna put these are
[ __ ] amazing
right for some reason the tribe ball
overhead press feels so much better on
the shoulders than the other very she's
just a more natural movement you know
that neutral grip great great great
exercise for shoulders next one is the
standing military press again [ __ ]
amazing I love that exercise if I could
do only one movement or definitely be up
there you're hitting obviously all has
it your shoulders not you know in your
posterior delts to my extent but you're
hitting your upper traps if you like out
at the top your core is engaged I mean
it's just a great overall mass builders
definitely feel of it exercise next up
you have the standing version I will
also play that [ __ ] amazing right
because you're actually using most a lot
more stabilizer muscles then the barbell
variation next you have the seated press
I'm gonna put that one I'm not I'm also
gonna put it a [ __ ] amazing
you know the seated shoulder press again
great movement the only downside is that
again you're sitting down
so the you not gonna get the same
overall benefit as the standing military
press but it's still a [ __ ] amazing
exercise I just can't put it out okay
still good next one the all note press
I'm gonna put that one that okay man I
feel like it's I'm not so overrated
because we've not allowed people do it
but yes you get a great burning your
shoulders a lot of activation but I feel
like it's very hard and progressively
overloads now of course there are many
ways to overload a machine in every
video but you can't go really have your
knees you know and sometimes I just want
to get in and out the gentleman I just
wanna when I'm doing it just be training
I can't put that in a heavy portion of
the routine because again how heavy can
you go on all no presses but it's not
okay exercise next you have again basic
seated dumbbell press people love this
exercise I feel like it's overrated I'm
gonna put that one out okay
right it's again I've done it a lot in
the past I feel like you get to a point
where you're going so heavy you waste so
much energy and rich injuries just
trying to bring the book the dumbbells
up all right so it's not worth it for me
okay it's a great exercise in the
beginning but as you get more and more
advanced and you want to go heavier and
heavier which you don't have to make
videos about that you don't have to go
super heavy but it's just it's just an
exercise that I wouldn't prioritize if
I'm trying to just pick an overall mass
builder for the age phase of HSP
training um but you know again you know
it's not horrible I'm just gonna put
that okay next you have the Machine
shoulder press I don't think hammer
strength makes that one this one is
different from the other machine presses
because the angle actually changes as
you go up not a lot of gyms have that
but it's a [ __ ] amazing exercise I'm
gonna put it up here a [ __ ] amazing
not every gym has that I think one gym I
when I visited Florida a few months back
one gym had that great feeling on your
shoulders I honestly wish every gym had
it and a lot of guys know what I'm
talking about I should bring there I
should bring your arms up the ankle
actually changes inward so it feels
amazing at the top the tension is always
there great movement
next you have the basic shoulder press
you know how much tram I'm gonna put
that one out okay you know it's not
special yes you could you know you could
put a lot of place because it's easy to
progressive overload and things like
that but I feel like it does so much for
the work for you as far as stabilizes
and goes let's see next you have the
shitty ass machine presses right that
your boomers gonna find a Planet Fitness
I'm gonna put them on a Batman if I
could only use one exercise for the rest
of my life for shoulders it will not be
this exercise this you have to go so
have you just to fill out on your
shoulders you know the machine does
everything this is like the grandpa
machines no offense to grandpa's out
there next you have the Machine Sal
arrow believing and now I'm gonna put
that was bad bad that one is just my
opinion everything else I'm trying to
use fax but this one is my opinion
because I personally do not feel my side
Dale's for shape on this exercise I feel
a little bit more my upper traps no
matter how hard I try to do it I just
won't pick that exercise as my number
one if I could only pick one next stop
you have the standing side lateral
machine Phil he loves this exercises and
almost all of his little change but
again not every gym has that I'm gonna
put that one out okay alright it's okay
so it's not [ __ ] amazing you know I
said it's very rare for me to put a
machine up there so far only put but one
only put three machine exercise up there
actually fall but yet it's again it's
alright he's on the right exercise it's
not something out paying over the ones
in the top two rows and finally you have
what the [ __ ] is this one oh yeah it's
the machine press I'm gonna put that one
also at I wanna put them on also okay
wait I say guys this is me ranking the
bad shoulder exercises of all time if
you could only pick one right that's the
big if I don't want to see you my
conversation saying well this exercise
is pretty good at the all exercises are
[ __ ] good right this is relative to
if I could only pick one I said hope
this video helps vote for the next topic
the muscles that haven't done yet biceps
triceps
I believe legs crabs
stuff like that alright guys see you in
the comment section hit me up for
coaching HB programs I'm out of here
oh don't forget to like the real
