all right guys third best exercise for
upper back thickness I was really
shocked right really shocked at this one
the third best one remember the first
one was the watch the video the first
one was the uh brother Fox [ __ ]
upright Road fund raise whatever you
want to call it but you got to do with l
laying down the laying down version had
the highest uh EMG U numbers the second
best oh [ __ ] one second guys it was a
[ __ ] accident you guys see that
[ __ ] but anyway the second best was the
elbow ey R um doing it with a dumbbell
or bbell the dumbbell actually um elbar
actually had um the highest uh readings
out of the bbell and cable all that [ __ ]
and but anyway the third one is believe
it or not it's the bent over
uh dumbbell laterals right which is a
real D exercise if you think about it
but it actually scored really [ __ ]
high as far as um um upper back
exercises it activates your middle and
your lower traps to a very very very
high degree and but they explain that
you know you know in order to activate
your upper back number one you want to
pick a heavyweight but number two you
have to use more upper back than real
dels right so when you bend over and you
do a bend over uh lateral use your upper
back don't just use your real dels if
you're trying to get your upper back to
to thicken up if you're trying to do get
do for your real dust obviously you want
to focus on your real dust but we
talking about upper back here and the
version that they performed in the
studies was they were using an upper
back to kind of like you know bring the
[ __ ] up so you try to use your upper
back and try to squeeze at the Top If
possible it's kind of hard with a
dumbbell but if you could bring it up
and squeeze that [ __ ] oh my God you f
your whole middle lower traps sck Towers
everywhere so try that [ __ ] guys and
then also it was tied it was tied for
third place with the dumbbell roll not
the elbows out dumbell roll just the
regular dumbbell roll those two were
tied for third place so once again quick
recap number one was the front Rays
laying down uh line front Rays the
second one was the elbows out row and
the third one is a tie between the
dumbbell row and the bent over dumbbell
lateral dumbbell machine it doesn't
matter if you long use your upper back
and you roll it's kind of like you know
doing a reverse fly that [ __ ] hits the
[ __ ] out of your middle and lower trap
so throw these exercises together I'm
surprised that lift didn't make it into
the top three it's crazy right and they
explain why it's because um because
deadlifts use so many [ __ ] muscles it
distributes the tension when you're
doing a deadlift using your hamstring
quads ABS uh uh erors lats uh upper
stress all that [ __ ] so that's why the
stress was not focused on the upper back
it was it was it still hit your upper
back but it wasn't um focused on it it
was like distributed all across that's
why the deadlift didn't make it into the
top of three but I was I was very
shocked um so anyway stay tuned guys for
more videos like this let me know like I
said I have all the St in my computer I
printting them shits out man it's so
many of them it's a lot of [ __ ] work
so if you want more body post comment
below and I'll make them right don't
forget to like and share the video T 3D
I'm best
ch
