hey guys what's up it's megan here this
is the shoulder portion of my full body
workout
um i begin with uh
this favorite exercise of mine that i
came up with right i call it the megan
faceboos because your typical facebooks
are you normally just start from like in
front of your eye level bring it bring
it back this one i actually crossed my
arms because like i said i really
believe that the stretching part of
the movement is the most important part
so i start in a you know with a big
stretch
and i use my rail delts alone not no
momentum just my real delts because
they're you know slow twitch and a very
small fight fibers don't want to cheat
too much and i bring back
all the way back and squeeze so we start
off with that then we move on and who's
going to start for real that's because i
said in several videos that i think the
real deal is probably the most important
part of the
deltoids but anyway we move on to you
know this movement which is the cloak
off press or pretty much a snatch grade
behind the neck press you gotta be
really careful with that so you don't
snap any [ __ ] up
and um
we usually alternate this with just
standard overhead pressing and we only
do this in the five to eight represent
cycle we move on to ten to twelve and
fifteen to twenty in the coming months
we actually ditched that you know that
exercise but uh when we doing heavy
lifting which was at the time
uh we focused on overhead pressing
standing obviously in this movement
which is great and you notice you won't
be able to use a lot of loop you won't
be able to use a lot of weight because
it's extremely tough you started from a
dead position and you go all the way up
slowly next we go into posture wrap uh
tri sets which is really really heavy um
dumbbell presses when your shoulders are
done and you can't even get them all the
way up you just stay in a stretch
position do quarter reps
you drop the weight and you move on to
side laterals
um try to control the movement up and
down
once again the negative is very
important
and after that we move on to bent over
real laterals
bent over laterals but we do a nice
variation when we put our head on the
bench marco actually showed me this
because this way it also works your neck
you know if you're trying to get a big
neck
and this is really really painful guys
we you know you do this in a full body
workout oh you'll be exhausted and we do
this off the chest and back so you can't
really move a lot of weight
and your [ __ ] is already pre-fatigued so
it takes a big toll on you you'll be so
for days the first time you try this so
try that guys first you start with the
with the vegan face pools
uh you buy three sets whatever wrap
around you're using then you move on to
the behind the neck press standing and
then you move on to this meegan tri set
that i love all so much and we're
getting good results from there all
right guys hope this helps once again
this is part of our full body routine
