all right guys what's going on Megan
here this is a clip from one of my full
body
workouts uh C roll my cable roll Tri set
um the typical drop set is you know you
you do as many reps as you can then you
lower it away you do more and more and
more till you reach a maximum pump I I
like to switch it up every every once in
a while you guys know I'm a big big big
believ drop sets now that's how my body
responds uh you know volume now instead
of doing Drop sets
sometimes I do Tri sets but I increase
the weight up it's kind of like reverse
drop sets so as you can tell here I'll
do 10 or 12 reps or 15 reps whatever I
really don't count anymore just pick a
heavy weight not too heavy do as many
reps as I can then I increase the weight
then I do more reps so it's kind of like
a way to shock or confuse my body even
though I don't like using that term but
it's pretty much what I'm doing my body
is not used to this so um it's uh it's a
nice way to switch things up and to
progressively overload instead of doing
Drop sets downward do drop sets going up
and increase the weight in between sets
it's really hard the first time you do
it but you notice your body will adapt
to it really really fast and once your
body adapts to something you either get
stronger or you get bigger or you get
both so try that guys try doing um I do
it with C roll because like I said I'm
my my focus right now is back thickness
I'm a upper back hall you guys already
know I I confess guilty as charge and
the K is one of the great ways to bring
the thickness in your back so try that
guys you could try with back biceps
chest any machine movement that you want
Machin because it's easier to do drop
sets all right guys best of luck
