hi uh next gym that's not we don't
athletes right so I did Olympic lifters
so make a predator gymnast gymnast June
if you look at the Olympics guys and you
see the Olympic lifters come obviously
gonna see the traps you see the gymnast
comes what's the first thing you notice
about a gymnast they're out of
proportion right why their arms are so
[ __ ] big I gymnasts have huge ohms so
I want to show like soil mode started
doing research and guys not only they do
the best exercises for forearms which is
dips and pull-ups but they do it every
day every single time a gymnast goes to
the gym he does uh you know those
[ __ ] Chin's with the how do you call
this ring ring pull-ups whatever it is
that's biceps right I'm in video about
how by chin-ups actually number one for
biceps they beat they beat out barbell
and of my curls and then they also do a
lot of dicks you know they do those
[ __ ] I should so cool when I do that
it to the boss start [ __ ] and blow every
day for years and years and years when
they come up to the [ __ ] stage will
you see this huge ass home
so that's turning most of everyday work
you tell me next idea why work I'm
totally dead bit bit off I would get up
and do Bob I got a trick for the top
three sets of how to put them two pound
of muscle in 30 days usually I pick the
ground like that perfect or boys you're
right it's another box like that looks
very hard kind of muscle
