hey guys what's going on megan here
bodybuilding is one of the hardest
sports in the world if not the hardest
and for those who disagree just think
about it it's been over
50 years since the first mr olympia and
there has only been 16 winners keep in
mind i'm talking about mr olympia men's
open i know these weak ass divisions
that they opened up recently right so d
mr olympia men's open there's only been
16 winners in over five decades and
there are tens of thousands of
bodybuilders in the world why is it that
only your prestigious few were able to
obtain that title and it's sad because
bodybuilders don't get enough respect
for the work that they put in most
people just say oh all you got to do is
be on steroids think about how stupid
you have to be and how ignorant you have
to be of human physiology to think that
all you have to do is take steroids and
become mr olympia but yet most people
out there are that dumb trust me i see
it in my comment section all the time
also think of how stupid you have to be
to think that all you have to do is work
hard and eventually you'll be mr olympia
winner hard work alone will never get
you this title just like steroids alone
will not get you up there it's a
combination of hard work and most
importantly genetics and in this video
in fact it's gonna be a five part series
we're gonna cover the genetics that you
need to become an elite bodybuilder this
is part one we're gonna start with
anatomy number one muscle bellies all
right so your muscle insertions your
tendon limbs that is one of the biggest
requirements to actually make it in a
sport keep in mind i'm talking about the
elite level why simply because
insertions decide both the shape of your
muscle
right whether you're gonna have a peak
or not and ultimately the size of your
muscle how big you can make a muscle
grow is determined by your insertion for
instance here you guys know the famous
example all know notice notorious for
having an amazing bicep and that's
mainly because he has an incredibly
short bicep you see here i'm going to
use lame in terms you guys can see the
gap between his bicep and his forearm he
has a very long tendon as you can see
that causes the bicep to peak so the
downside of that is obviously he's not
going to be able to have maximum size on
his bicep compared to someone like
sergio oliva as you can see here you see
the difference see how small the gap is
see how small that tendon is compared to
here right the more space you have here
obviously the bigger your bicep peak is
going to be but you're not going to be
able to be a [ __ ] mass monster when
it comes to overall size right and like
i said it also goes both ways right
sergio was gifted in the fact that he
has very short tendons so massive
massive muscle belly but that makes it
very very hard for him to achieve that
peak here so depending on which era
you're in and what the judge's favorite
for example to george's favorite bicep
peaks then he would have been [ __ ]
right whereas if the judges favor
just having a massive arm
then
that would have went in his favor and
which is another example of how genetics
play a crucial role because you cannot
control the shape of your bicep right
you are given your tendon lengths at
birth and there's nothing you can do
about it other than try to simply
maximize what you already have right so
this is an example where pure genetics
would disqualify the person on the left
or the person on the right depending on
what the judges are favoring during that
error luckily for both of these guys
doing the error uh it didn't play such a
big role in fact if you're watching this
video take a look at your bicep right do
you have short muscle bellies or long
muscle bellies there goes another
example here ryan coleman back in his
early days as you can see ronnie is
notorious for having short muscle
bellies right so you see this huge gap
here
right which gives him an insane peak
just like high grain right
but it stops his uh bicep from really
achieving its maximum potential in terms
of overall size and if you look on the
right
one of my favorite bodybuilders of all
time rolly look how massive his bicep is
right and as you can see the reason he's
able to maximize his bicep development
now she said bicep size is mainly
because look the gap is almost
non-existent
right so he has very long muscle bellies
and a very short tendon
right and look at the difference right
you would think ronnie doesn't even lift
when you compare the overall size of the
bicep
and once again all genetics another
example is calves right look at the
difference between
the picture on the left and the picture
on the right both for bodybuilders i'm
pretty sure some of you guys can guess
where these are right obviously you have
during this here and let you guys guess
who this guy is but both bodybuilders
both elite bodybuilders both are on the
crap ton of steroids and obviously both
work extremely hard but yet look at the
difference
that the body bit on the left simply
cannot overcome due to genetics dennis
wolfe simply has [ __ ] genetics for
calves and if you think about it look
right one of the biggest determinants of
how big your calves can grow is your
tenderloin like i mentioned earlier
right and look how long his [ __ ]
tendon length is right look at his
insertions right he pretty much has
black genetic for cavs right that's what
black people are notoriously
known for these are genetics that are
amazing for jumping for running but
terrible for maximizing size whereas if
you look on the right he's able to
maximize his calf development because
there's just so much more room right
look how short his tendon is compared to
the picture on the left right if your
muscles if your calf starts all the way
up there and goes all the way down here
obviously there's a lot more room for
your muscle to grow as opposed to this
picture here remember guys you can only
grow what you have you cannot increase
or decrease your tendon length another
example of where insertions play a role
is light development once again i'll let
you guys guess who the guy on the left
and down the right is and i'll just
reveal later on but as you can see here
look at that right
keep in mind this is a professional
bodybuilder hard work plenty of roids
plenty of experience but yet you can
only work with what your genetics give
you dennis james there you go was just
[ __ ] when it came to insertions right
look at this right here right see how
low see how high that is right compared
to here right and of course you guys
know dorian h
look how low his last go right so he's
able to maximize what he was given at
birth and once again this is 100
genetics where are your lats insert
where the original stuff that is
genetics there's nothing you can do
about that right once again you can
maximize your lag growth but you cannot
increase or decrease the length of your
muscle bellies or your tendons next you
obviously have waist right whether your
waist whether you have a naturally wide
waist or narrow waist that's once again
genetics you guys know who the guy on
the left is brian notorious for having
an extremely extremely narrow waist
compared to the guy on the right right
on the eight percent body fat as you can
see shredded to the bone but
white as blacky waste now obviously
there are some things you can do kind of
like you know not training your obliques
and things like that but trust me if you
do not have a naturally narrow waist
there's nothing you could do obviously
you could try to make it last wider and
your shoulders wider to try to create
the illusion but you're going to have to
work so much harder than everybody else
to reach the same goal another example
here you have lee haney the goat
and bresh warren on the right once again
right lee haney 245 pounds branch warren
also around the same way obviously any
slightly taller but look at the waist
difference extremely extremely narrow
waist compared to this and like i said
there are other factors that also affect
your waist obviously don't don't try to
be a mass monster because your waste is
going to get out of hand but on a
genetic level you can still see the
structure
that lee heny was gifted with and the
third thing that relates to anatomy is
obviously you're clavicle with right if
you have white ass clavicles like jay
cutler ever since she was young that
gives you a massive advantage on the
bodybuilding stage because it gives you
that x factor right the v taper plus
nowadays the x factor with the massive
quads and all that stuff so we'll help
you dominate the front last spread the
backlash spread the front double bicep
back double bicep
front relax right a lot of poses you're
gonna have an advantage in just because
naturally you have wide-ass shoulders
right
whereas phil heath had to overcome that
by making his shoulders as bulky as
possible so he had to overcompensate
even though he was a genetic freak he
had to overcompensate in all the other
departments in order to be up to par i
mean just look at the difference it's
insane it's like a barn door here and i
found this picture on reddit where
someone literally photoshopped
fill heath with um wider clavicles and
look
how much of a difference it makes
same size same weight same everything
right but just look how much of a
difference it makes just having wider
clavicles which once again you cannot
control phil heath on the right here
would probably would probably won 10
miss olympia's instead of just seven and
the reason it took him so long is
because one obviously he joined the game
late but he also had to overcome the
fact that he was very narrow that was
one of his biggest criticisms when he
first stepped on the stage everyone kept
saying hey he's too narrow he's too
narrow right so it took him a long time
to bring everything us up to paul
in order to keep up right but can you
imagine if he had wider clavicles look
at this but anyway guys that's it this
is episode one i'm gonna make uh four
more episodes where we discuss the other
genetic components you must have in
order to be an elite bodybuilder today
was anatomy next time we're going to
cover things with the genes related to
muscle growth fat loss
motivation pain threshold and pain
tolerance energy production you name it
i'm going to cover every single
category of genes that come together to
create a mr olympia physique alright
guys see you in the comments all right
guys don't forget to like or share the
video subscribe and hit the bell and buy
my hsb nucleus of a little training
program it's the ultimate program for
maximum muscle growth it includes full
body workout splits bro splits push-pull
home workouts you name it also comes
with a complete guide for macros
nutrition fat loss muscle growth
hormones including a meal plan it's
pretty much all my 16 years of
experience
condensed into one [ __ ] book you're
also going to get free copies of any
future edition so visit team3d alpha.com
and you can use the 40 off coupon code
nucleus overload or you could just buy
this [ __ ] at full price all right guys
i'm outta here
