hey guys what's going on it's Megan here
uh great exercise for back thickness
great exercise uh it's one technique
that me and Marco do to increase the
thickness in our backs uh pretty much we
do this just like the pullup version I'm
going to put the link up here so you
guys can see it uh we do this once a
week you know just to like uh increase
uh detail and up up not bags and
different lagging body groups pretty
much all you do is uh you set the timer
right to you have 3 minutes to do as
many of these as you can right I don't
really have a name for them cuz they're
not really deadlifts and not really rack
PS you know all you're doing right now
is you retracting you're protracting
your scapula and you retracting it so
you trying to minimize lower back
involvement you're trying to minimize
hamstring involvement all you're doing
is you protracting your scapula and you
retracting and you squeezing at in the
back so that's why obviously you want to
bend forward a little bit so you can PCT
your scapula but that's about it do this
for up to 3 minutes you know rest pre
don't count do it for up to 3 minutes
boy your back will be so so ruing the
next day try it out let me know what you
guys think I mean it's as you can tell
it's put on a lot of thickness in my
back all right guys take it easy
