hey guys were quick video on my way to
work once again in this channel is
mostly for the average class people that
goes to work every morning you know and
you work all day you don't have time to
eat six meals well this is what I do I
wake up at least two or three hours
before work and I prepared is really
really quick and simple meals and here
it goes and I put them in these make
sure your body's very convenient so I
use my there's only three instead of six
because I already ate breakfast so
that's one meal and one of these middle
is my morning snack my you know second
breakfast one of these meals is my lunch
and the other one is my afternoon snack
and then when I come home I eat dinner
and my you know bedtime snack so the
streets it's you know just make three
ticket to work so you have to really
complain about being able to use your
six meals plus it'll save you a lot of
money on you know vending machines and
eating up okay here we go this is my
after breakfast my second my first
morning snack it's really just half a
cup of milk and I put one serving of
roasted peanuts because you know I don't
really put another sugar in my oatmeal
because it's already called which is
really sugar and I just want a little
sweet tasting so I put peanuts and so
that combines with you know a little bit
of protein for the peanuts and my
healthy fats because you know you do
need fats for the day so 1/2 a cup of
oatmeal plus some peanuts to give it a
little you know sweet taste what I
happen to add sugar saves you a lot of
you know the trouble of worrying about
your insulin spike or anything like that
so that Justin calls healthy fats and
proteins right that's two hours after
that's two or three hours after my
breakfast on my first break I work
because I wreck I worked we get two
breaks one break one lunch on one break
so that's perfect three first break
lunch second is my lunch
nearly is simply one ear of corn cut in
half boiled only takes about what eight
minutes to boil one whole egg for my
protein and some lettuce as you can see
at the bottom why for my fiber because
you know colon is kind of like well it's
right between slow and the fast
digesting car is right in the middle so
I have the fiber just in case so you
know slow down and digestion process and
yeah it looks nice too one it's one
strip of bacon one more leg one serving
of roasted peanuts just like in the
first one here half of a baked potato
for my fiber and the lattice of course
for the fiber you know to make the cops
go down easy
and unlike eating it it's not enough
protein well that's because I was in a
rush I helped some to make fish or
chicken but you know this takes you only
about an hour at most to make like all
these right takes an hour at most which
will be 30 to 45 minutes because the big
sort of the baked potato that takes
about an hour so while you got that in
the oven you can just pick out of the
meals and that's it for the day I gotta
hurry up I'll be late for work
also make sure you count your calories
and your proteins
today's a non workout day so I'm not
really eating too much also if you feel
like you need you know more proteins and
either of these meals to our policy
involvement it's like 20 grams of
protein it's the supplement don't really
rely on that I don't what I might do
that today's because I'm in a rush and I
really have something to make my leans
for change but I just I work at Kroger
so I just borrow protein ball to
supplement you know that's returning any
protein anyway gotta go
