hey guys what going on Megan here all
right 20 muscles that prove that someone
is on steroids obviously I'm using the
word prove to be Sensational because you
can't really prove anything uh with 100%
certainty but you can get a very good
estimate and this is based on my years
of experience coaching with both natural
clients enhanced clients as well as all
of the time that I poured into the
literature on testosterone androgens
steroids and all sorts of PDs down to
the genetic level so I'm going to rank
these 20 muscles here based on the Tail
Signs right the Tail Tail Signs and as
you'll see this Almost Never Fails cuz
like I said it's going to be based on
Androgen receptor sensitivity research
on sexual dimorphism puberty satellite
cells myonuclei blah blah I'm going to
throw the whole kitchen sink at you guys
and here's the teer system right very
hard to tell so if a muscle goes here
that means if that person has a
overdeveloped muscle you know that
specific the specific body part we're
referring to it simply means that you
know again it's very hard to tell right
hard to tell self- experence or read you
get a pass for now means it's 50/50
right if the person has a you know if a
muscle goes here it means that you you
know the person gets the pass it's very
hard to tell if they on roids or if they
on lowd dose trt blah blah blah
suspicious as obviously again
self-explanatory for muscle goes here
then there's a possibility the person
might be Natty but it's so freaking low
right and stop the trend bro if if a
muscle goes up here it means if the
person has that muscle overdeveloped
that is right all of these muscles here
I'm referring to when they're
overdeveloped right uh there's a 99%
chance down roids I'm never going to say
100% right but
99% um cuz you never know all right so
let's start with abs if somebody has
overdeveloped abs very muscular that
doesn't really mean much but if somebody
has shredded listen carefully somebody
has shredded abs and they're muscular so
it's not just big ABS but they're also
shredded that goes in stop the trend bro
right the person is on something every
I'm using Tren as a joke but it could be
on many different things Primo anaval
Super Draw Anadrol Deca doesn't matter
right I'm just using Trend here just
should be funny but if a person has
shredded ABS and the ABS are actually
muscular right cuz you could be lean
very low body fat and have like weak ass
punk ass ABS right but if the person has
nice Blacky powerful abs and they also
shredded and I'm talking less than 7%
body fat they on something again guys
this is It's almost like the law of
thermodynamics right it's just how the
body works you cannot be extremely lean
and also have a lot of muscle mass the
human body does not work that way I
don't want to bore you guys with the
technicals but that's just the truth in
fact that's one of the number one signs
that somebody's juicing is when they're
very very lean veins everywhere and also
very muscular right because the two
things do not happen naturally the
moment you get to the body wrecks your
tea levels increases cortisol increases
myostatin decreases igf1 all forms and
Pathways of anabolic signaling go down
when you go below a certain threshold of
body fat so that's the number one sign
when the true natural get super lean
guys they lose so much muscle they don't
even look like they ever touch the
dumbbell all right next huge biceps
right overdeveloped biceps that one uh
you know it's hard to tell I'm put that
a heart to tell because I've seen a lot
of Naturals not just among my clients
but a lot of personal anecdotes where
somebody can have very developed biceps
and be natural you know I've seen it
time and time again so uh it's very hard
to tell that somebody's inh cuz they
have Big B now of course if they have
like freaking ryy Coleman size arms then
obviously you know you don't need a you
don't need a cheer list to tell you
their on um heavy doses of gear but but
I'm referring to you know in general
somebody has huge biceps doesn't always
mean d Roy obviously unless the ffmi is
freaking crazy like FMI
293 then yeah um uh and the main reason
is like I said right there's not allow
the Androgen receptor density uh in the
biceps it's so howow the muscle that
disproportionately grows during puberty
uh it's so not a muscle that women have
a hard time building if they prioritize
it um and like I said the sexual
dimorphism is not massive you know in
biceps uh if you look at untrained men
and untrained women past puberty next we
have Cals somebody with very developed
calves again that's also hard to tell
I've met guys I've met women natural
women with huge calves you know a lot of
it is genetics I mean to be fair
everything on this list is genetics but
again you know what I mean um but calves
is you know has has a lot to do with
genetics has a lot to do with your
ancestry has a lot to do with your
muscle insertions attachments where they
insert on the bone with it how long or
short your femur and your legs are blah
blah blah right so you can just see
somebody big ass Cs and say oh he's
juicing you know again unless the person
is obviously has a crazy high from High
um and it's lean you know it's very hard
to tell just by looking at somebody's GS
and like I said I've met people who
don't even lift and have huge GS next if
somebody has a huge chest again believe
it or not that's another muscle that
it's hard to tell there's a lot of
natties with big chest you know
especially that they nuclear civo they
train chess a lot that they you know uh
they've been training for years they you
know they um they able to work up to
high volume uh heavy bench presses I
mean there are many many reasons why
even the natural can have a huge chest
right um and again it's not a a
massively sexually dimorphic muscle the
Androgen receptor density on the chest
uh you know and I'm talking about the
whole chest not just upper chest CU
that's a little different um but um yeah
yeah it's it's very hard to tell that
somebody's on a juice just because they
have a huge chest again assuming that
they have noral fmis next somebody with
huge spinal Erectors again that's
actually very hard to tell you know not
just because the research on it is
scarce we don't have a lot of research
on Androgen recept the density of spino
Erectors we have some on you know some
muscles behind it but again I'll address
that in the future um so it's very very
hard to tell just by looking at somebody
these director they could be it could
just be somebody who deadlifts a lot it
could be somebody who does a lot of uh
you know back extensions I don't know
who the would but you know some people
do U so it's very hard to tell next
somebody with h huge forearms again
that's also hard to tell in fact before
the steroid era uh steroids were
invented around early 1930s so prior to
that you can find pictures of people um
with huge forearms you know um in Africa
Farmers had huge forearms mechanics huge
forearms I mean I give you a ton of
examples where somebody can have huge
forearms um why being completely Natty
right so it's very hard to look at
somebody's for and say oh you on the
juice once again unless they have a
crazy High lean ffmi you know if
somebody walks up to you with a Frank
mcgraph forearms yeah yeah they're
pinning everything under the goddamn son
um but other than that very hard to tell
the Androgen receptor density there is
not too high um there is you know a
pretty decent amount of sexual
dimorphisms in the forearms that's why
men have a a much stronger grip strength
than women but that's also mainly neural
it's not just because of differences in
form size it's mainly because of
Androgen signaling as I've explained in
all my grip strand videos all right next
glutes this one is a funny one uh if
somebody has overdeveloped glutes there
goes those glutes again you guys know my
long-term beef with uh glutes on the on
the whole [ __ ] but uh yeah so if
somebody has huge overdeveloped glutes
again that one is also hard to tell you
cannot look at somebody's glutes uh and
say oh yeah you definitely you on Ro
unless once again unless they are
shredded lean and they have massive
glutes like Ronnie Coleman type [ __ ]
then yeah obviously uh because the
glutes is a huge muscle and it will
shrink if you get shredded but apart
from that you can just be like oh dude
you know you you have a huge ass you
must be on some I mean first of why you
looking as glutes uh but yeah that that
doesn't tell much next we have
hamstrings oh and also don't forget
women do not have a hard time growing
glutes and it's not just because of the
body fat obviously they have higher body
fat around their glutes which gives the
impression of bigger glutes but even if
it woman gets relatively lean um the
sexual dimorphism is obviously there uh
but it's not as enhanced as the other
items that you will see soon next if
somebody has huge hamstrings that's
another one that's hard to tell right
the Androgen receptor density is not
high in the
hamstrings um women do not have a hard
time growing hamstrings um people with
very low testosterone do not have a i w
to say very low but we're relatively low
testosterone do not have a hard time
growing uh hamstrings it do not grow
disproportionately doing puberty all L
seal right genetic seal everything I say
is always all out seal CIS pus and by
looking at the work of my clients over
the last 10 plus years uh the ones who
want juice do not have significantly
larger uh hamstrings than the natural
ones next if you have a big heart well
obviously we can't see but obviously uh
that's suspicious if somebody's heart is
way too big that's definitely a sign of
steroid use because that's one of the
downsides of you know roid use is you're
going to have a big but obviously that's
not something we could tell right you
can't look at somebody and be like hold
on hold on [ __ ] let me scan your heart
and and you know you're not going to be
able to tell just by looking at somebody
that have a huge heart but if you have
access to it if you have you know if
you're able to put them [ __ ] in
a scanner and see and you see that it's
unusually large then obviously that's
suspicious right I'm not going to put it
at you know guaranteed right 99% chance
because you know who knows they could
have some other underlying issues next
if you have a huge back wild LS that's
also hard to tell you know there's a lot
of NES with great backs you know a lot
of NES with wide backs especially if
they do a lot of C stating they do a lot
of pull-ups a lot of chinups um you know
it's not unusual to see the back blow up
not to mention it's not a very very
sexually Doric muscle it does not have a
crap ton of indogen receptor uh of
indogen receptor density uh given the
current research right might more
research might emerge and we might see a
different Trend in which case I'm going
to uh update the ster list but for now
there's not a huge difference and also
looking at my clients the ones who hop
on juice you don't see a huge increase
in the lats in a lat development right
it's all proportionate obviously it's
going to grow faster like every other
muscle cuz they're enhan but uh it's not
like the other musles that you guys are
about to see soon next you have the
obliques right that's that one again if
somebody has overdeveloped obliques um
if they're super super lean then it's
going to be just like you know just like
ABS right just like regular ABS uh but
but that one is really tricky like I
said this one really really depends on
so many factors for example a fighter if
it's a fighter he going to have strong B
right because you guys watch my videos
on Combat Sports one of the one of the
best ways to increase punching power
striking power is about training the out
of your core uh so it might just be
somebody who trains his core a lot a lot
of rotational movements it's very hard
to tell right so I'm going to put that
you get a pass from that somebody has
really developed obliques um in his lean
um it's suspicious but I'm going to put
that you get a pass that because it
could mean many different things now
again if they're very very very very
lean and then the obliques are insane
with the crazy V at the bottom and
everything then that's obviously going
to move up um a lot but for now you get
it P [ __ ] all right let's go a little
faster next if somebody has
overdeveloped serus interior that one is
very hard to tell mainly because we
don't have a lot of research on this
muscle for now I'm trying to be as
objective as possible I'm not going to
be Ching like I know at all we do not
have a lot of research on the serus
interior so I'm not going to speak out
of my ass not to mention that it's a
muscle that's very hard to observe um
even in the real world all right all
right next same thing with uh Terrace
major and minor right very hard to tell
not a lot of data on that again those
obscure muscle groups that only us nerds
know there's not a lot of research on it
cuz the Dem man is not high next triceps
if somebody has huge mey triceps again
I'm going to put this side hard to tell
it is not a very sexually dimorphic
muscle it does not have a lot of enogen
receptors relative to the other muscles
on the list it is not a muscle that
women have a hard time growing if they
prioritize it it's not a muscle that
disproportionately grows a lot doing
puberty relative to the other muscles of
course and once again looking at my
clients over the last several years the
ones who are on the juice do not get an
A Crazy increase in uh tricep
development you know before compared to
after right it tends to grow at a normal
rate along with the other muscles next
we have quads it's actually going to
shock a lot of people but quads somebody
has huge quads that is also hard to tell
because we actually do have a lot of
research on the quads it's not a very
very sexually dimorphic muscle it does
not have a lot of enogen receptors and
that makes sense if you look at the
evolutionary pass of uh of the human
race um women don't have a hard time
growing um big quads people were
relatively low testone levels don't have
a hard time growing big quads as long as
they training and diet is on point um
again it does not disproportionately
grow during puberty in men and same
thing with my clients right I do not see
a huge change in their quoir development
when they hop on gear or when they
increase the dose next uh one of my
Nemesis the tbis cior muscle yeah that
one again you already know it's going to
go into very hard to tell there's not a
lot of data on that and plus I couldn't
care less if you train your TB you have
nothing to freaking do um next we have
the trapezius and I'm going to lump it
all up right upper trapezius middle
trapezius little trapezius right so
trapezius mainly upper and middle if
somebody has overdeveloped traps is that
a sign I'm putting this at stop the
trend bro guys that is one of the
biggest telltale signs that somebody is
using something if they have huge traps
especially if they don't train traps
directly and The Traps just blow up huge
sign I've seen it in my clients over and
over again when they hop on the juice I
mean the program the training program
stays the same diet program stays the
same even when I make changes to their
macros to account for the steroid usage
everything else grows at a relatively
normal rate but that traps just blow up
almost every freaking time in fact it's
so insane right and it's such a dose
response relationship between how much
gear they're using and that trap growth
that a lot of my clients actually ask
for exercises that don't Target their
traps because some people believe it or
not some people do not want big traps
you know they feel like it makes them
look narrow which is crazy in my opinion
but hey you know client ask for
something give them what they want um
and I always tell them it's very hard to
not recruit your traps doing training
because they involved in so many
movements pressing movements pulling
movements uh when I say pressing
overhead pressing laterals even standing
heavy curls believe it or not that's
going to recrue your traps but long
story short that is one of the number
one signs mainly because again the traps
have a lot of enogen receptors for
evolutionary reasons right man evolved
to fight and hunt and kill the sexual
dimorphism is huge a woman can trade
traps as hard as she wants it's going to
be very hard for her to develop that
that bull look right that huge bull neck
look unless again she have some Roy and
even then it's not even close to the
growth rate that man experienced uh the
sexual dimorphism is there during
puberty there's a huge huge huge
increase there's a huge difference in
the rate of trapezius development men
you know when you look at men versus
women and when you look at traps
compared to other muscles and like I
said I could give you guys so many
different examples and it's not shocking
even if you look at animals like uh uh
red velvet deers right when they go
through mating season and then their
body just and their body releases a crap
ton of testosterone what do you notice
that beius neck region just blows up
right obviously they have to fight and
all that stuff and then when the season
is over and the T levels go back to
normal their neck strength the trapezius
shrinks um so yeah it's again it's all
Evolution the trapezius is one of the
most important muscle groups for combat
for fighting now I'm not saying that
everybody that has big traps is is on Ro
right again I'm saying within context if
they're very muscular very lean and then
they still have huge traps all right
next we have uh shoulders that's another
one stop the trend bro if somebody is
lean and has huge hu even if they're not
lean if somebody has huge delts not
front delts side delts poking out like
crazy super round look 99% chance
they're juicing 99% again just like for
trapezius lot of Androgen receptors in
the area huge sexual dimorphism because
again it's a muscle that's very
important for fighting I have same thing
with my clients whenever they hop on Roy
or the ones who already roids huge huge
disproportionate increase in their
shoulders you know especially when they
combine nucleus of Lo plus the roid use
game over you know and I'm not talking
about just all swelling it's temporary
swelling no it's actual muscle growth
because they all so stronger and last
but not least women have a very hard
time um growing the side dels no matter
how hard they train how heavy they lift
it's very hard for them to get that cap
Lu you know again there's always
outliers right there genetic extremes
but again outliers prove the rule they
don't disprove it so that is another
huge sign somebody stands there and you
see that Cannonball look and that lean
oh yeah dial down a Deca dial down the
windw you on something all right next we
have neck oh my goodness this one is
actually one of the most underrated ones
if somebody has huge sternal cloud on my
store right the front side of the neck
even the side right somebody has a huge
neck unless they're a wrestler or they
play football for years or some extreme
you know like a a boxer some extreme
scenario but and even then it still
applies somebody has a huge neck without
training their neck they are on Hell
drugs right it is one of the most
sexually dimorphic muscles in the whole
human body right especially the spanius
men have even without training much
bigger necks than women it grows
disproportionately fast during puberty
in men it blows up on steroids women
have a hard time growing it and back to
my clients when you look at cuz you guys
know I'm a d and Earth I track
everything I have spreadsheets for
everything you could think about so I
can show you guys differences the ones
who hop on the juice especially the ones
who were Natty for a long time hop on
the juice without even training their
necks it just blows up very fast too
within months you see a difference
another example look at most guys look
at most professional bodybuilders they
all have huge necks but guess what guys
none of those mother strain necks it is
so hard to find a professional
bodybuilder who does direct neck
training and no shugs do not really
train your neck I'm referring to neck
curls and neck extensions most ifbb Pros
have huge necks meanwhile they haven't
done a neck curl since freaking High
School some of them have never even
trained neck directly so that's another
sign that that's one of the most
androgenic muscles in a human body same
thing with animals too if you look at
most sexually dimorphic animals the the
male's neck is way bigger than the
female because of fighting and uh
tournament Spees and stuff like that so
so that's it guys if you want to tell if
somebody is on roids look for for people
that are lean and have huge muscular
shredded ABS huge traps huge shoulders
big necks especially if they don't train
neck directly all right don't forget to
like subscribe and support the channel
by grabbing the ebucks I'm out
