hey guys wassup mr. Jonathan sorry I'm
kind of late on this I had a lot of
things to do work and I had to get ready
for school and things like that but
anyway straight to the point I know that
you're not going to agree with me on
this but I just had to make this video
on it's about the asian kid I got I got
John but like seven other guys um we
taught me this as short as possible to
be honest with you as I was watching the
video don't be i was thinking about it i
want you to really i'm sitting here and
this stuff that like i said stuff that's
going around the world it's not the
first time someone that happens it's
just it's just that you know we're not
used to seeing things like that and you
know you know fortunately unfortunately
somebody recorded it for us to see just
a taste of what's going on out there in
the world so i'm watching that I'm
looking at it back man you know and
don't got kept thinking about was as i
watch the video as uh when is somebody
going to save this dude you know I'm
pretty sure someone who actually had the
same like thought process but I kept
looking at the video and I kept looking
at how long it was and I'm like okay
like two minutes into the video he's
again you know [ __ ] beat out of him and
it's like a few more minutes ago and I
don't see anybody in order like a runner
and I kept thinking why did somebody
gotta save him and it just dawned on me
you know like wait a minute this is a
life lesson for all of us you got to
save yourself like nobody's going to
save you nobody's going to save you you
know when you think about it I don't
care what religion you follow I don't
care what you believe in you know when
it comes to things like that things that
are within our we like in our grasp in
our hands you gotta you gotta save
yourself you can't wait for somebody to
come and rescue you and I was watching
to read up my heart just kept pounding
like this rage kept filling me and I'm
like leave him alone you know you are
you was watching the video you want to
just jump into the scene and I like like
do something about it but the sad thing
as you can right so what do we what do
we learn for me do we just watch the
video and go out man you know these guys
are bad blah blah blah and move on or do
we get a life lesson from it you know
and I'm 1p I could tell this guy is the
guy actually got attacked is salvation
comes from within like you know like
that's like you're Santa same thing over
and over again and people just don't
seem to grasp it you got to get yourself
to a point where you're not depending on
anyone to
save yourself you know I mean this story
I was going to make this show this quick
story that happened I was in New York I
think like five six years ago and I was
on the bus in the subway and a kid I
thinking to cause down you know he's
like you know a lot of causing the train
and a que to go down got attacked by a
group of you know like three two or
three guys you know and we didn't know
until the book the train actually
stopped at the next station so everybody
rushed to the call to find out the cable
just bleeding come to find out three
guys you know attack them and took his
ipod and cell phone and everything just
left and I was just there watching the
whole thing like the guy was just
bleeding and I'm like wow like a little
fifteen-year-old kid and he got attacked
by kids there were like 14 15 smh ranch
and a guy walked up to him I handed him
his car think about the house going on
he's like you know a serial killer some
[ __ ] he gives me his card and he says
come to my dojo if you don't want this
to ever happen you're gonna come on my
dojo it looked like something out of a
movie scene the guy happened to be you
know I don't know kung fu karate master
whatever and he offered him a free
membership at his little he says come he
says come see me at this address if you
don't want this to ever happen to you
again and I guess him to know the kids
know the bleeding he just grabbed the
carpet in his pocket and you know he
just got up and walked oh no and I'm
pretty sure he went there and you know
his life is never the same so I'm not
saying you know I'm not saying oh you
know you know go out there good Johnny
dojo son about what I'm saying is get
yourself to a point where no one is
going to [ __ ] with you you know I'm
saying cuz I've been there I grew up in
New York man you're going to see a lot
of things and if you're not tough enough
to survive you're just going to crush
but the key is you know not like I say I
said it's a lot of my friends the good
thing about this thing is humiliation
listen carefully humiliation because you
got me God be WI ameliorated humiliation
is the prerequisite for ascension i'ma
say it again humiliation embarrassment
failure pain it's the prerequisite for
ascension if you want to go if you want
to sand to the next level physically or
emotionally spiritually you have to go
to some kind
humiliation now we don't choose to set
the settings we don't choose what kind
of emulation we go to or what kind of
pamphlets on door but the good thing is
no matter what pain you go to you could
use that to fill your race bucket up if
you haven't watched my other videos just
you know click the link on the ridge
bucket and see what I'm talking about
but you have got you have an opportunity
that we all don't have you have
something that's going to make you so
angry that you're never going to be the
same again and I'm referring to that
asian kid I got attacked if you're
watching this video you know and
everybody else let's watch the video you
know if you haven't gotten attacked
before you never benefit it doesn't
matter don't wait until you get into a
situation where you have to go home and
say oh I wish I had trained i wish i had
you know that done is done that those
guys were laying you know those guys
that's up if he had some kind of
training he could have easily took them
out and i'm not saying you gonna win
every fight but at least you're gonna
make a statement you know you get
attacked by seven guys and you had
enough training you could grab one of
those guys and make them see you hell in
three seconds literally and they might
still jump you but they're gonna jump
you anyway whether you attack one of
them or not but they'll know you've
known you have heart but you're not to
be [ __ ] with you know so much my
advice to you went to everybody that's
watching the video don't watch this and
just go man this is so bad and then you
know just close the window and go in and
go about your life mama something out of
it because it might happen to you too
you might be in a street corner at boom
three people attacking then you're gonna
wish you had you know train harder in
the gym or I don't know you know done
it's done that I'm not saying everybody
should be a kung fu master but at least
learn the essential skills to defend
yourself don't wait for submission to
come anywhere else you a beast everybody
watching this video right just because
you know you don't see it manifest
doesn't mean it's not within you
everybody has the potential to become
greater than the ancestor greater than
anybody that's going to come before them
you know I always tell people we all
have our own fingerprints why because
God or whatever you believe in one
should have put an impact in the world
that nobody else has put before you or
after you you know this this this is my
finger press if I trust this wall here
no one else before me could put that
same fingerprint on it because i have my
own fingerprints even after I died
nobody else could put the same plan on
that wall it could come close but it
won't be the exact same so think about
how unique you're right most of us are
descendants of great king
in history you know you could trace
their ancestry back to warriors and you
know just great you know people like you
know even if you don't know their names
you know you can you come from an
important line and heritage and for done
from wherever they are from them to look
down and see this humiliation you got to
get something out of it if you just you
know look at it at all just a bad
experience and it's going to move on and
not do anything about it then you're
wrong I'm not promoting vengeance but
I'm saying learn the essential skills to
defend yourself sometimes vengeance is
necessary you know I'm not saying go out
there and childhood fighters in one
enough but if it what's it happen again
would it be the same circumstance my
advice to you is if in the future if God
shall to attack you again or the same
guys we know pop up or what else is
watching the video if you want to see
what people attack you the video on
YouTube should not be one helpless guy
jumped by several others it should be
seven [ __ ] getting [ __ ] up about
one random dude that's what the video
should be turned the Fate around turn
everything around and only you have the
potential to do that don't wait for
police they might you know someone some
something come on south and so they
don't come on Tom have within you you
already have within you know the
potential to achieve those things just
got to unlock it you know release that
potential looking at mirror and say I am
a monster this will never happen to me
again it's all in your mind what do you
believe it is just a regular fixture in
your kid or whatever or you the product
of just pure beastliness you know just
think about it you know and my advice
all my subscribers or non subscribes
whatever use this as the lesson you know
fill your race bucket of every time I
watch this video my rage bucket goes up
the roof it just overflows and I take it
you know I go to the gym and I use it to
like you know motivate myself there or
whatever it is that you actually do
whether you I don't know what your
profession is use that as fuel you know
to motivate you to just go to the next
level humiliation is the prerequisite
for ascension you can humiliate it it
doesn't stop right there if you keep
going with eventual your sand because
you have a type of motivation that we
all don't have you've been jumped by
seven people that rage will not die out
in two years or three years from now
you'll have that painting
rage almost reversed you live so that's
fuel to push you to the next level for
years to come you know I was in my other
videos i was you know you know tell
people what determines how fall call
will go is how much gas is in the tank
right in the same way for human beings
what determines how much you will
achieve is how much rage is in your
bucket how much how much anger is within
you and you have a lot of anger if you
look back at that video and I what
happening and like I said for God's
weapon you know experience that will
never be no loss to fight that we never
got jumped it's the same thing used
somebody as experienced as your own
retain that was you again the [ __ ] beat
out of you and you will help us to
prevent it when you could have been the
one turning the tartar on so just I'm
trying to make this video as long as
possible it's like I could go on I was
talking about this topic but all I can
say is don't let this happen again I'm
not promoting violence but if you pull
my tail I'm gonna go to [ __ ] out of you
the way I see it I'm a bowl I'm an ox
you know late leave me alone let me eat
my grass but y pense if you go in the
bows way and try to [ __ ] with him he
will go to [ __ ] out of you that's what
everybody's mentality should be don't
impose on my dad started firebase
somebody was to [ __ ] with you make them
wish they had never met you you know if
people say well Avengers promote
Avengers [ __ ] ain't complete
ventures promotes vendors because if you
get if you exact true vengeance you
should leave that person so destroyed
they won't even have the will to get up
a fracture back think about it let's say
that's my take on the video I have a lot
more to say about on this video to be
more than an annoyance 89 minutes long
so likes a lot of people going to
disagree with me and say oh you know
peace peace peace [ __ ] I'll believe
in peace but I also believe in defending
yourself and my heart goes out to you i
hope you recover from you know this
embarrassment like i say you use that to
ascend to the next level use that as
rage to just push you and keep you going
all right that's my view can smile views
on this and i said
I was going to say something notify what
it was wait anyway take care of guys
