all right next guy over TR principle the
thaing guy with the big trap I already
made a video about him so I'm going to
keep this one short to like one or two
minutes um tying guy was really skinny
was a tie Master right by the time he
was just a little kid and um he was
really poor and it had to do like a lot
of muai fighting to you know make a
living and he because he was really
skinny everyone used to make fun of him
CU he had like the worst genetics he was
like so [ __ ] Tinus even though they
all skinny and he went to his ma his
master you know the [ __ ] Shin dudes
and his master told him to put s on to
grab two heavy buckets of water and he
put them to work he had him working at
the same time working out he told him to
carry the buckets of water all the way
up a hill and actually did the math to
forgot how long it took him was like uh
2 hours a day he would go all the way up
to Hill water the plants come down fill
the buckets go all the way up right he
had to do that up and up and down it was
the size of a football field so he'll
pick up the heavy buckets of water you
know strain all the way up the hill you
know you know guys not allowed to like
quit cuz Master probably like hit him
with a ride and [ __ ] he'll do that every
single day and guess what happened guys
when he finally stopped doing that [ __ ]
his traps went up like a [ __ ] Cobra I
showed you guys the video if you watch
the video you see the picture it's sick
he looks disproportionate than the
[ __ ] the rest of his body is you
know like normal size and you see he's
traps are [ __ ] huge former Wars but
strong men are known for doing which is
like a crazy trap exercise so every day
two hours a day I don't I don't suggest
you guys to do exactly what these people
did I'm just showing you guys the
parallels behind the everyday thing
traps got done idea why it work I
just so I get up and do about put three
how to put on the P of muscle in 30 days
the reason why I picked a pound of mus
perfect for [ __ ] right it's not
impossible very hard guys a pound of
muscle
