hey guys going on hope you can hear me
fix his webcam real quick now I'm making
a video but outside of him so anyway
guys um quick video I would say quick
video but it's never quick quick video
on the best arms in bodybuilding history
right I was looking to my video manager
and I noticed I talked a lot about you
know every single body part I made the
best exercises for everybody put all
that stuff but I never made a video for
I haven't did best chess but I never did
a video for the best homes about you
know I don't think I have and you guys
know I'm a big big fan of the IBB I've
benefited I was a kid I grown up I was
wanted to look like Arnold I mean who
didn't right I loved Arnold always
movies and competitions and things like
that so to this day I still keep up with
diabetes you guys not make videos about
the Olympia and things like that so big
disclaimer guys if you're not a fan of
the body of the I be reproached because
you feel like down the juice or the
cheating whatever dislike the video get
the [ __ ] out this is for entertainment
this is for probably people that want to
get something out of this but I love
that I love all the guys who are
especially the old G's right all the
guys who made it so that bar going to
get his where it's now what on the juice
of course they were but do I really give
a [ __ ] guys like I said just mind your
business worried about your own like
right viki's worry [ __ ] day one you know
that's dumb right
I guess I'm never gonna you know get on
the juice but it's not a reason for me
to judge them anyway well mr. Ayad I
made a video about don't get my fiber in
if I go to bed when I'm not supposed to
go anyway so let's start right and one
thing I always say for people are like
oh my god I don't I don't keep up with
these guys cause I don't reduce the
cheating if they came up with a with
some kind of I don't know they come over
the study that said that if you ate I
don't know 14 bananas a day you will
have the same effect on steroids
[ __ ] will Bob bananas on the
24/7 guys 24 [ __ ] seven will be in
Walmart we will be [ __ ] by banana
company stocks and [ __ ] right so don't
give me that right like people a lot of
times people are complaining about these
word users because they came [ __ ] get
him they were selling [ __ ] steroids
in a grocery store I walk more for two
dollars you be seeing a lot of buff more
[ __ ] walking around so anyway back to
the video number I've come from number
father number one right and once again
I'm using the criteria of overall arm
size at the same time I'm also looking
at tricep development because biceps I
mean I have great biceps you know I mean
just gotta have that ball on your
[ __ ] arm right I saw it really it's
triceps is where it's at right so this
video is a little tricep bias
I might make one is that's bicep bias
but this one is bias a little bit
towards triceps but it's really all go
along but any any triceps is 2/3 of the
arm right so number five let's start off
with Paul DeMaio this guy right here
this guy right here has amazing tries
look at especially the longer trust with
the outer and the long head but look at
this long hair look how [ __ ] that
[ __ ] looks right so we're gonna focus on
guys that have freakishly developed
triceps right the guys that have stupid
triceps guys to have [ __ ] tricep
right and look how [ __ ] ass tricep
is right very disrespectful I look at
his picture right here same thing very
disrespectful try some gods look at that
you know look at the long head look at
the other head right amazing Paul de
Meyer great guy rest in peace
look look look at this look at the long
head back here a guy so anyway he's
number five right he was known for
squats mainly but uh I was also kind of
triceps I was I always loved tracks was
growing up guys you know study with Ryu
from Street Fighter but I stole a
different video
let's see let me show you a picture if I
can the picture that made me fall in
love with tricep is this picture with
you right here see this [ __ ] it was from
a movie that I saw a long alright anyway
so that was number five number four on
the list will be Lee Priest one of my
favorite bodybuilders there he goes
where everyone is the most famous
picture of Lee Priest on internet the
one that has Tom PLAs in the back shows
the definition let's try and look at
that [ __ ] man horseshoe for days
look at there he's not even chillin give
me your wrist Lee priest look at this
picture right here not bad and this one
here it's almost a little smaller but
you can still see the other hat pop out
like crazy so he takes a number 4 spot
right at the end of you I'm gonna tell
you guys the exercise that all these
guys have in common
yes genetics play a part yes they
obviously enhance but they all have when
I was studying them those guys and
everybody else they all had an exercise
one or two exercises that they all did
that most bodybuilders did not do which
is a you know a sign that you know yes
genetics are there servers are there but
also good exercise that you're doing can
play a role you'd be amazed at the
simple two exercises that these guys all
do by pure coincidence right okay so
number three on the list is obviously my
probably he's my top three best Bibles
of all time right Kevin look brownie
Kevin Love [ __ ] funny I love this guy
from day one guys ever since I was
younger I don't know why I was lucky on
the road maybe because he had the best
shoulders and the best upper traps of
his of his era also the best triceps and
those are three body parts that I'm you
know in love with so look at his picture
right here look at his out ahead Papa
guy she does even from the front because
she's out ahead Kevin LeBron you seen
shoulders and she's upper traps ain't
Saints assume that he never won in
Olympia but show different story this
picture I heard look at his arm
guys look at this look look at that
sweet right here love Kevin the brownie
plus he has a great attitude calm guy
alright so he takes the number number
three spot number four spot right number
sorry number three I'm bugging her it's
like 6:20 in the morning okay let's go
to now this is where it gets a little
crazy right
don't knock my head off but this is a
tough decision to make but you guys know
what's going into number two yours truly
Phil he's got mr. Olympia mr. Phil hey
look at his picture right here look at
his alright this is he's just flexing
for the camera right got the chicks
right here have you see all took the
wedding [ __ ] but look at look at that
home guys like what the [ __ ] man like
what's good with Phil I mean look at his
look at his head look at his head size
look at his own look at this cheaters
this one makes sense he's almost the
size of his chicks
had all the way down to acting like a
upper chest and [ __ ] man it's [ __ ]
ridiculous this picture right here just
him flexing and she is out ahead
nicely develop this one right here I
became a clicking and [ __ ] insane on
development guys now you guys I think if
thief is that number to most people put
him at number one because logical made
you know made this list but who is
number one and it is none other and he
takes it by I mean like it was it was it
was a tough decision but when I finally
made it I was like you know what I don't
think anybody's gonna take him down his
spot my guy my man the [ __ ] beasts
roelly winklaar guys by fall I think he
takes it I mean look at his tricep guys
look at the strikers on that [ __ ] look
out look at the sides look at this look
at this [ __ ] guy look look look at his
triangle down here man Jesus is amazing
man
alright look at this picture of a random
picture I found him on the farms
disposing he knows it - man I got that
smirk on his face like yeah yeah and
they got my hand my WordPress town's
insane triceps insane truck development
look at this on my hair look at this
look at this guy's it just doesn't get
any better than that man like who who do
you guys get what do you think can
actually be thrown and when it comes to
best on development I know you know
biceps also included but I can say box
which is that not on your arm there
almost everybody but it has triceps why
I said look at this look at this guy's
but anyway that's my list I think Roli
chicks number one spot if you disagree
with me guys once again this is just you
know go penny a tit comment below let me
know your top three or your tub spa
preferably best triceps and bodybuilding
history or best arms of all man I didn't
put on looks once again on it has the
this was a bicep based
grouping honor definitely in the top one
you know to this day you know he he had
put some of the best boxers in history
but um this was mainly I would say
mainly focused or tricep so anyway guys
I hope you liked the video hope you
enjoyed comment below let me know your
top five if anybody that I placed on the
list or even if you want to change the
order around a little bit by the way the
exercise I promise you guys when I I
studied all these guys I have this
template on Excel I put everybody every
every
type content and I put the exercises and
fluid exercises and I looked at all the
training videos or their interviews you
can just look at one of their workouts
because they always switch the workouts
around and the one exercise that these
guys did in every single workout was the
date basic it has dips guys and does not
surprise me remember the video I made
about how gymnasts have this crazy
triceps and mainly all to do is dipping
motions and [ __ ] on the reins and
[ __ ] it does not surprise me that Kevin
Love only priests feel heave roelly
winklaar all prioritize dips in their
routine Soto - another thing that they
all have in common is they do underhand
press downs right there's some of the
very few body builders to do reverse
script press down so who knows that
might play a part as well another thing
I learned about them is every time to do
tricep press downs with the rope
they really squeeze at the bottom and I
mention how this is very important
because that's how you maximize the
lateral head contraction is when your
elbows fully extended so anyway well
just in case that wasn't it wasn't
mainly genetics of steroids that might
play a part but just to be safe guys
make sure you have dips in your tricep
routine make sure you you know extend
your elbow and squeeze with your tricep
extension and make sure you try to throw
in a few underhand reverse press downs
every night and dinner hi guys I'm out I
hope this video helps peace
you
you're come on I ain't ready
so I bother your husband Lester Sesame's
making video and we spare imagine - life
for us one second
