look at how much higher the spike in
protein synthesis was
for the group that took facial compared
to the group that took cone oil
anyway what's going on guys megan here
hope you guys miss me back in business
all right so let's take a look at this
study here where they compared two
groups of people and the goal of the
study was to see the effect of
supplementing with facial about four
grams of facial for two months compared
to corn oil right and i wanted to see
the effect that i was going to have on
protein synthesis right the rate of
muscle growth in response to high amino
acid and high insulin right so i
baseline they had about equal levels of
protein sentences and it also had an
equal antibiotic response to food at
baseline but at the end of the study
look how much higher the increase in
muscle protein synthesis was in response
to a male and high insulin
in the fish oil group compared to the
corn conor group right and that's the
red bar here so once again at baseline
even after two months they had equal
levels of muscle protein synthesis in
this case mixed mps
and in response to the meal and high
insulin check this out the group that
supplemented with fish oil for two
months had a substantially higher mps
response
and as you can see here
over 70 percent increase in protein
synthesis
in response to high amino acid and high
insulin levels compared to only roughly
a thirty percent increase in most of
protein sensors right so double the
response and the only intervention was
facial so now you guys see why i don't
play with my omega-3 recommendations if
you remember my video on the best
protein sources that's one of the many
reasons why i had fish salmon to be
specific at the absolute top
right you gotta get your omega-3s in
guys and as always like i always say you
don't have to supplement just eat fish
guys it's so much cheaper to just eat
fish because not only you getting your
omega-3s but you're also getting leucine
and all the other nutrients that salmon
fatty fish is loaded with right and once
again i'm not sponsored by a fish
company so i have no reason a lot of you
guys get a lot of fish in your diet if
you can't then obviously something you
can supplement with fish oil but you
guys know to me supplementing should be
a last resort if you're vegan you could
eat a lot of flax seeds but long story
short don't make excuses get your
omega-3s in and by the way obviously
corn oil is very high in omega-6 so uh
the group on the right
obviously had a skewed um omega-6 to
omega-3 ratio right you want the ratio
to be around 1 1 or 2 to 1 right so you
want to eat substantially more omega-3s
since the american diet the western diet
is so high in omega-6 already right so
you want to have a
1 1 or 2-1 ratio of omega 6 to omega 3.
and 99 of people that have trained coals
over the years it's been over a decade
now
almost everyone is not getting enough
omega-3s right because most people don't
like fish and when they do eat fish it's
not even salmon it's some low quality
 like tilapia and right so
you're leaving a lot of gains on the
table guys when you're neglecting your
omega-3s and what makes this study so
interesting is that this was an old
population and you guys know if you
watch my videos it's very very hard uh
to increase muscle protein synthesis
in older people right because they have
antibiotic resistance so when something
is cheap you know facial is relatively
cheap if again if you just get it from
facial even if you buy it as a
supplement right so when something is
cheap can produce such a drastic
response in muscle protein synthesis
do not neglect it
right and obviously the study was also
replicated in young people the reason
why i like emphasizing old people is
because like i said if you can get a big
spike in protein in an older population
then you're talking right and we're
talking about something very powerful
now if you want i can go over
uh omega-3 specifically in different
videos since you guys have requested a
lot of uh you asked a lot of questions
about fats you want me to cover healthy
fat since it's so underrated but you
guys should be getting your omega-3s and
your healthy fats not just for
bodybuilding purposes right guys it's
not just for fat loss and muscle growth
right you should be getting a ton of
omega-3s for cognitive health right
brain function memory mood digestion
your immune system
i mean the list goes on and on in fact
i'm gonna make a whole feed on omega-3s
because i feel like they're so
underrated along with all the other
healthy fats because everyone is just so
obsessed about the other two macros and
fat is usually the one that gets left in
the dust but anyway guys hope the video
helps if you got any questions comment
below or post them in the reddit and i
start looking at the questions in the
reddit to play in the future videos all
right see you guys in the comment
section alright guys don't forget to
like or share the video subscribe and
hit the bell and buy my hsp nucleus of a
little training program it's the
ultimate program for maximum muscle
growth it includes full body workout
splits bro splits push-pull home
workouts you name it also comes with a
complete guide for macros nutrition fat
loss muscle growth hormones
including a meal plan it's pretty much
all my 16 years of experience
condensed into one book you're
also gonna get free copies of any future
edition so visit team3d alpha.com and
you can use the forty percent off coupon
code nucleus overload or you could just
buy this at full price all right
guys i'm out of here
