hey guys going on meeting in here this
is one of my full-body workouts from
about a month ago I think y'all know I'm
a leading uploading it too busy anyway
gonna go straight to the point
um then cut out too many parts like I
said on time
starter for Pyro's to get my traps warm
they're ready
normally I started for traps and I move
on to my other body parts in the order
of his body but I need the most that
month was a lot smarter with tribes
obviously now it's mostly legs but back
then with tribes and as you can tell my
philosophy still the same guys time and
attention time and attention wraps wraps
reps reps reps obviously want to use
some weight you know you don't want to
just lift nothing so start off with some
weight and then keep drop setting down
to less small and small away so allows
you to keep the time and attention and
your weight really stays relatively
heavy because that when you do a drop
set I'm see at the end I'm using other
momentum to to get the finishing reps in
when you do a drop set and you lower the
weight a little bit after around failure
that next weight even though it's
lighter than the first way you start off
weight it feels heavy because you you
want your muscles are fatigued so don't
see lowering the weight as you're
lifting light weights you do you're
lifting lighter weights but you were
fatigued so it definitely filled out
heaviest I kind of like doing 135 pound
bench press after doing your max for
like 10 reps you know I'm saying like
like 10 sets of 10 so it's a it's
relative but anyway start up some of our
rolls you could tell then moved on to as
we tell I keep I keep increasing the way
my goal is to do my rack pose before I
do my Rex was I gotta warm up my traps
and my shoulders and everything so I
think we still wait I do whatever
exercise I could do with that weight
here I'm doing a few hand cleans love
doing those but I don't like selling
good to have you on those because the
cash [ __ ] up I don't know how to catch
a right because I'm not really flexible
so I just kind of hold that if I'm about
to do it
press you don't wanna go really heavy if
you're doing it with that kind of phone
I just do it you just warm up my my
tribes my joints get my heart going
and I suppose set that with some Berto
Fox raises which are great for your
front delts and traps all the way down
to the higher you go the more traps you
activate obviously so when you go the
way up you're acting upper middle and
lower traps like [ __ ] next year is a
[ __ ] my doing here I forgot
[ __ ] this was 30 days ago I'm doing a
high pools thing yep high pools all
reserved once again for you for you guys
are terrible don't know football
workouts or Olympic lifts these are
hypotheses they're not upright rows
there are high pool the Olympic lifts to
have generate power from your legs your
body and also we put a lot of traps and
shoulders so I use those on the way up
also skip super setting them with
butterfartz raises great exercise really
you filling your upper traps all the way
down to the back like I said earlier
then I moved on to some behind the back
shrugs see as you slowly are adding the
way to your right poles as I'm slowly
adding the weights my right foot and
doing whatever exercise I could do with
the weight that's currently on the ball
yeah I'm putting to place so I'm doing
some behind the backs Rudge and then I
think my right will start around at
around three blades and then I move up
to four or five rarely six so here's
some beyond the back strokes I don't do
those a lot but this is one of my high
volume days where I just stole a lot of
exercises now mind you I don't do this
every single workout it's just my high
volume days i cycling [ __ ] and i
superset behind-the-back shrugs with
france rugs well you know medium grip
some of our repetitions got dominant in
gentlemen attention
my favorite branch like I said it's
always six to eight but even when I do
6/8 I'll check down away and do another
six to eight in another 6a to increase
its own attention go superset with wide
grip shrugs so yeah I do like a shrug
tri-set with that 225 by the time I'm
pumped my heart is ready I'm sweating my
joints already and then I'm going to my
to the Big Daddy right poles is one of
my favorite exercise for tribes and
strength and once again I put the ball
really high cuz I'm trying to minimize
lower back involvement I really want the
stretch to put on my trucks I've been
tell you guys since last year the only
way I felt my tribes is when I get a
good stretch the contraction hasn't do
anything for me it's all about the
stretch um the [ __ ] are my sweeties that
Dennis fireplace yeah I just keep
grinding it out I drove out to three
sets of those not too much to the point
that you burn a central nervous system
and [ __ ] Recovery's the big party guys
don't forget all right after the right
pools I'm done with like the first half
of my the first quarter part I would say
with my full body workout the [ __ ] is is
right next I'll move on to oh yeah my
tricep my power cardio tri-set and this
is this is mainly called you now I go
really fast with explosive a I've made a
video about this one guy's I do cardio
at the gym I finally got to combine
Karndean full body workout so I picked
three exercises they're not doing
back-to-back so you know in the tricep
manner so this is bent over rows really
fast real explosive once again I'm not
doing slow and controlled a I'm going
really fast because I'm mixing it with
called over the cardio element to get my
heart going and I go into dips jump
having the camera just so I hate
recording my workouts I gotta like pick
the camera set it up and it [ __ ] with
my rest periods but I hope you guys want
to see what I do in a gym superset with
dips
bang bang bang bang I do about 20 reps
each each superset and I saw the
furchester and surprising enough you
know my chest is growing guys I told you
I see what we're trying to [ __ ] out of
my chest
so now if I wanted to grow I got to do
it just hey they were one or two
exercises it's a secret guys that's the
[ __ ] secret you want a muscle to grow
over train that straight forward for a
short period of time
give you some time off and then after
that every time you touch that muscle
that pumps up like a [ __ ] and in
here the third exercise we'll try set of
push presses now overhead press and I'm
military forces push presses use a lot
of legs look at that bad guys look at
that back look at the shoulders and this
is me I 194 195 yep I've been stuck at
195 form anybody like that like I said I
put on 40 pounds it knows for six months
guys member last year 40 pounds in those
first six months and I've been stuck at
that before I stopped 145 pounds it was
160 let me stuck at 195 for for good Wow
but anyway put on a lot of fat but uh
440 pounds that's that's not too much
fat in my opinion every [ __ ]
puts on 40 pounds it looks like what
Kane was letting his name dr. Doolittle
and [ __ ] alright there you go same thing
guys t ball rolls superset with Dave
superset with push press I just keep
doing that back to back to back to back
if I'm hitting back shoulders will delts
chats all that in such a small amount of
time and I tell you guys you want to get
out the gym really fast when you don't
full body workouts if you know that
you're gonna have a hard time recovering
you know I have a very very busy
schedule after this I have school at
work
so I don't want to be in a gym too long
where you know I can't I can't function
outside the gym I try to get in and get
out
same thing I just keep putting the clips
back together
t-ball roll dips post press move on the
cable if you notice here I always focus
on the muscle when I'm doing full body
workout for like a whole month I pick up
muscle I'm prioritizing obviously has my
back in traps so you'll note
is the first exercise in every tricep is
going to be a back exercise like frozen
with Bubba row second one was to borrow
this one here is cable roll and then
then I try set up superset that muscle
with the other muscles and I do that
every every month like this one is legs
so legs is the first thing I do for
every exercise and then I super set it
what other body part this is my way of
doing it you don't have to do exactly
the way I'm doing is just me
experimenting and doing random [ __ ]
listening to my body
so here cable roll
and dips I just put the clips back to
the other side after we call this same
[ __ ] over and over again 20 rep dips
actually 10 to 20 reps I start to go for
20 but get a lot of blood in my chest
and boy when I'm done with this workout
I'm pumped in the [ __ ] and your
strength goes up because you obviously
progressive overload every time I go
back to the gym I tried increased away
slightly goes the push press by the time
you're doing this this is only like 95
pounds only like 100 pounds I first saw
ed and by the time you're doing this
with you your heart is trying to give up
on you you're tired
oxygen deprived and [ __ ] here's the
fourth back exercise dumbbell row
sometimes I'll do it on the rack
sometimes doing on the bench I don't
like being in the way of people and [ __ ]
and this is kind of volume routines been
giving me great game guys I mean as long
as you cycle it you know I don't do it
every single [ __ ] day man it's gonna
burn you out it's really really really
tough I like training a harder to be
honest I like training hard a lot of
things that I do I'm not an optimal for
muscle gains but it's hard I like
training hard guys I like doing more and
more and more
more at the same someone try to build
muscle at the same time and you know if
I had to pay between training and losing
muscle or gaining muscle in training
like a [ __ ]
I pick option a man I love training art
it pushes me
so here dumbbell row one arm each and
superset it with the dips and the push
press it's kind of repetitive but it's
so tough your heart after this dies I'm
telling you your heart is like a lion
you're pumped up and ready I try to do
these workouts usually once one to three
times a month not more I thought I go
back to my basic full body routine some
of it it's not my basic routine is just
like the the volume super volume you
charge for by routine pain bang bang
bang all right after that I'm done with
back chest and shoulders see back chest
shoulders just like that now two arms
same same concept repetition repetition
repetition time on the [ __ ]
tension pickup easy ball to some curls
imagine my biceps already kind of
activated my triceps already can't
activated from the dips vices from the
rolls so here I'll just kill him I'll
just do drop sets curls scars after
close and it's been blowing up my arm
and this routine this volume routine is
mainly for not just strength and
cardiovascular strength but it's a lot
of soccer plasmic are purchasing evolve
mother mother routine revolves around
you know so much strength based this one
is mostly volume volume filling the
muscles with blood look at the chest
poking out that's just dip scars dips
after I made a guerrilla video guys I
realized that dips is the natural way to
build a nice chest a lot of dips
don't jump into into push-ups - this is
a pretty good all right uh I don't
forget you're close to losing [ __ ] not a
great chest exercise that I promise
anything
just leave it in your body guys anyway
anyway you get to contract your chest
get a good contraction a good a crime
filling you just stick to the exercise
you know different people like different
exercises me is dips flies and dumbbell
presses baby's awake oh [ __ ]
what's going on you guys barely [ __ ]
anyway so here I'm doing the ben
pakulski tricep pushdown trade i sat
like forever ways to increase on one
attention oh by the way here was this
lady I worked with not on work right
class for her she's in my Spanish class
she was introducing me to her daughter
the world club daughter got a booty huge
booty no the mom is now I mean the mom
is old but her daughters I probably like
20 21 right there talking to she and in
fact that's the girl shows about the one
at that after they left they shook my
hand introduce whatever tell that she
taught him 100 mommy did you see his
chest
cuz she didn't know that I was doing
dips so my chest was like blowing out
but she that aside like naturally she
tell her mom okay I mom told me that the
next time so many classes Oh mom I
thought it was asking that's how you
know I broke gonna hide it from you but
yeah she had a booty and i'm when i
heard that i was done with chest i went
back a new handle chest
uh how's that big no it was a different
day the mom told me that in class so I
left class after class I want to join HS
like Appa miss Monica get out here all
right I'm working him dance all right
guys so after the tricep um yeah I was
doing my full body workout and I was
something to do some squats some legs
some for squats
so here 225 more than enough for me
oh look at that mobility so [ __ ]
tired so hate for squats without I do
them at the end hey baby when I'm
exhausted
my phone breaks my my heart is like oh
my god I must stop my heart is [ __ ]
threatening me because I'm gonna stop
being if you don't stop doing the
[ __ ] and I'm like come on son
come on you have to chill so I'll do
some back squats then I go on and do
some front squats I have to do front
squats and filing the chair front squats
is just too [ __ ] bad ass
they're they're hard to master hard to
have the technique down but once you do
let's just start off with very light
weights and once you got the technique
down they become automatic and it was so
badass man you just hold in you know 225
how much weight you know whatever way
you want to use right on your [ __ ]
whatever you call that bone is that your
it's not really your sternum but anyway
you hold it up there and you guys can
see that [ __ ] maybe you know that's my
children and then you just you know rap
it out and that's it guys my full body
workout I have so many more that haven't
edited but stay tuned for more if you
have any questions put in the comment
section kill it dominant discipline
direction I'm out air Pete I gotta suck
na mele I know you look at confuse
contact what's this video all about
looking like a burnt version of the
hodgetwins right now but anyway I want
to tell you guys I am backs a lot of my
subscribers a lot of you guys are
billing me from the beginning and you
guys message me a line we know we have
conversations on Facebook whatever and
sometimes I forget that I'm trans
