zinc can triple your testosterone levels
if you
deficient guys one of the leading causes
of low testosterone believe it or not is
nutrient deficiency it's not
environmental disruptors those things
play a very small role if you look at
the research it's mainly nutrient
deficiencies micronutrients vitamins and
minerals specifically zinc guys zinc is
the most powerful testosterone quote
quote booster out there it is the most
important out of all the minerals
obviously all the minerals matter but
zinc is such a powerful mineral when it
comes to optimizing male Health if you
take a look at this study which I've
referenced several times in the past
they looked at two groups of people
right the first group it was a
combination of young man and old man but
I'm going to try to make this video
short so let's focus on a young man
portion one group was made zinc
deficient on purpose for the purposes of
the study right so it's this group here
the other group stayed normal right so
they had normal levels of zinc and look
at the difference in testosterone levels
the group the young men keep in mind
this is young men who were restricted in
the zinc intake lost 70% of the
testosterone levels total
testosterone right meanwhile you know so
the testosterone was around 300 right
which is pretty much
hypogonadal meanwhile the group that you
know stayed at a normal that had normal
zinc status had about 1,00 now the grand
pedesta leader keep in mind this study
was back in 1996 so it was not
surprising to see young men with testone
levels in a thousand range but that's
the topic for a different video but look
at the difference guys a 276 per
difference in testosterone levels nearly
300% right so that's almost quadruple
right cuz 200% is three times increase
300% is actually four times increase
right so 276 per difference and the
studies also show that when you
replenish uh when you correct your
deficiency so in this case if this group
uh corrected a zinc deficiency that
would go back to normal which is again a
276 per increase roughly on average
right many many many studies back that
up right think about it guys this is
such a massive increase compared to what
you see from a lot of the BS supplements
that are out there that claim the boost
your to Stone level some of them give
you 20% boost 10% boost 30% boost guys 2
176% difference right and keep in mind
this is if you deficient right if you if
you're not deficient in zinc and
obviously taking more zinc is not going
to make you gain more testosterone but
believe it or not most people are
deficient in zinc you think you're
getting enough zinc because you're like
oh I I took this mul man and I do this
no you don't I have a whole video coming
up showing you guys that most people are
zinc deficient right and there are many
reasons for this so even though you
supplementing with zinc a lot of you
guys actually not absorbing most of it
right but like I said I have a whole
separate video on zinc absorption and
why you know most people think they're
you know they have enough zinc in the
system when they don't right one of the
leading causes of low testosterone in
men everywhere is actually lack of
micronutrients guys your body
cannot make testosterone transport
testosterone you know convert
cholesterol to the other hormones what
are co-actors that's where vitamins and
minerals come in stop thinking the
vitamins and minerals are optional right
it drives me nuts the fitness industry
is in the Dark Ages when it comes to
supplements right vitamins and minerals
I should say right cuz you guys are
always looking for the next hottest
 testosterone booster when you
always avoiding the basics the basics
fix your diet nutrition is everything
I've been telling you guys this for the
last 10 years nutrition is everything
look at this massive difference think
about it 300% nearly 300% difference
from just one micronutrient now imagine
all the other micronutrients that you
 are deficient in right you
guys are deficient in choline potassium
magnesium vitamin A all the B vitamins
right you get some here and there then
the next day you don't get them guys and
then you wonder why you have low
testosterone low free testosterone high
shbg high prolactin low LH low DHT High
cortisol High inflammation right High
CRP all of that stuff your nutrients are
trash zinc for example plays so many
roles in the human body again I'm going
to make a separate video talking about
the the effects of zinc on on muscle
growth on testosterone on estral and on
on everything you could think about zinc
reduces inflammation zinc is a co-actor
in the production of testosterone
steroidogenesis zinc lowers aromatase
and lowers estrogen levels in the body
which leads to negative feedback loop
and increases total testosterone zinc
helps increase free testosterone helps
control shbg right zinc is an
antioxidant so it protects your L cells
from damage from oxidative stress I mean
I could go on and on and on and on and
on right but you guys are skipping the
basics and then looking for you know how
many questions I get M can I do this can
I can I put this on my balls or can I do
this or buy this new crazy BS supplement
meanwhile I'm like okay let me see your
diet I put it on chronometer and you
guys are barely getting 5 to 10
milligrams of zinc the r for zinc is 10
milligrams and that's a amount you
need way more than 10 milligrams of zinc
right because you got to factor in the
shitty absorption and you got to factor
in the fact that most of the foods that
are high in zinc that claim to be high
in zinc don't have enough of it because
of because of shitty farming practices
and stuff like that and you also have to
factor anti nutrients which again I have
a video on that coming up right so guys
focus on the basics if something as
simple as zinc can cause a 300%
difference in testosterone levels just
imagine what happens when you guys
correct all your other freaking
deficiencies so stop emailing me or
asking me in a Discord of the Reddit
about this new fancy thing that you
heard about when your diet is not
correct now if you fix your nutrition if
you fix your diet right and you bring
your testosterone levels to a healthy
range including your free testosterone
yes then you could experiment whatever
the you want right right you can
buy whatever subone you want after that
right go waste your money but do not
neglect the basics and if you look at
the old man in the study right some of
them you know the study has many parts
which is why I have to make multiple
videos but if you look at the old men in
the study you know a lot of them were
zinc deficient right they to St someone
up by 90% right I think I believe it was
93% just from increasing the zinc intake
right nearly doubled right but yet you
guys want to waste your money and the
funny thing is most assass boosters out
there guys this is how to trick you into
spending mad money on this BS is they
actually put zinc in there so if your
testosterone levels do go up you think
oh it's this is this nice testosterone
booster when most of the increase you
got in testosterone came from zinc right
cuz zinc is so Dirt Cheap that they just
put zinc in every testone booster this
way if it works they could be like oh
look my crazy new formula of t- booster
works when really most of the gains that
you got from that assassin booster came
from zinc you wasted your money right
you wasted your money in that t- booster
when you could just buy red meat or
oysters which are the two legendary
Foods when it comes to zinc right and
keep keep in mind this study was
replicated many times right you guys
know I don't just pick one random study
and talk about it right you got to look
at multiple different studies that all
convers in the same conclusion right
many different studies back up this
claim zinc is the single most powerful
mineral keep in mind magnesium is also
important Boron is important selenium is
important I'm going to make separate
videos on those but if you rank them all
nothing comes close to zinc each your
rat meat guys eat your oysters other
than rat meat and oysters you wasting
your freaking time cuz all the other
foods are SOL a so low in zinc that it's
not even worth it unless you overdose on
them and I better not hear you
 complain about red meat
being expensive that's one of my biggest
P peeve I'm going to make a video
destroying that myth meat is actually
not expensive if you're factoring the
nutrients that you're getting for meat
right in fact chicken and all the BS
that you guys love to eat is actually
four to five times more expensive than
meat sometimes 20 times more expensive
than meat if you actually look at what
you paying for the nutrients within the
food you're paying $10 per pound roughly
right for red meat and you paying you
know let's say three $4 per pound for
chicken and you're like oh look meat is
more expensive chicken is cheaper no if
you actually look at the creatine
content the carnosine content the zinc
content right the Coline all these other
nutrients chicken is actually way more
expensive than red meat right so don't
complain about paying $10 a pound for a
food that's actually good for you and
it's going to cover most of your
micronutrients when you guys spend that
same 10 or $15 on fast food and and and
beer and a bunch of nonsense focus on
your zinc focus on your nutrition it is
that the foundation of testosterone male
Health muscle hypertrophy everything you
could think about it always starts in
fact micronutrients are actually more
important in sleep let that sink in
micronutrients are more important in
sleep and you guys know how much I beat
a dead horse about how important sleep
and water is micronutrients are more
important than sleep because again
without sufficient micronutrients your
sleep is going to be trash it all goes
back to nutrients but anyway guys hope
this video helps make sure you get
enough enough zinc in your dietet you
should eat zinc in every single meal
obviously you guys know what I'm going
to say get your zinc from Whole Foods
nothing wrong with buying a zinc
supplement as long as you use it as a
backup plan supplements should always be
backup plans let's say you travel one
day you don't get enough uh you you know
you don't eat a healthy diet boom
supplements as a backup L let's say uh
you at home you know something happens
where you you you know you miss a meal
 happens you got to go to a funeral
I don't know use the supplements as a
backup line but supplements should not
be your primary source nutrients I say
this in every video yet in the comment
section the first question I get is what
kind of zinc should I buy it's
called red meat that's the kind of zinc
you should buy anyway guys hope this
video helps I'm out of here Jo
