now look at this guys an average old man
in his 60s 50 years ago had higher
testosterone levels than an average
young man today
hey guys what's going on Megan here look
at the testosterone levels that old man
had 50 years ago compared to today keep
in mind this is 60 year old man compared
to the average 20 to 25 year old today
right let's start with the first group
I'm gonna show you guys young men 50
years ago old man 50 years ago healthy
and Elite right healthy and average
compared to today let's start with the
first category healthy young men about
50 years ago had about 1200 90 grand per
deciliter testosterone levels right if
you look at the literature especially
the studies that were done on Europeans
and things like that they all come to
the same conclusion healthy young men in
the 95th percentile had 1 279 Grand
Rapids leader on average and in some
studies it was actually higher than that
but hold on it gets worse guys healthy
old men about 65 years old so between 60
and 69 had
1189 9 nanogram per deciliter on average
think about that for a second these are
healthy Elite old men in their 60s right
and that's going to lead into the video
I'm going to make sure I debunked them
if that age lowers testosterone guys
that's a [ __ ] myth that the TLT
industry put out there because again
it's a two billion dollar industry they
have to find a way to make money so that
lie to you [ __ ] and told you that oh
you losing testosterone as the age is a
natural process no it's not no stop I'm
gonna make a whole video debunking that
there's so many studies that actually
debunked that aging there's not lower
testosterone it's the [ __ ] that you guys
do as you age that lowest testosterone
but again I have a whole separate video
planned for that but look at this but
look at this guys almost 1200 nautical
deciliter this is a 65 year old man on
average and see look it was quite
similar to
20 year old man and keep in mind these
were the healthy ones the ones that were
doing good habits the ones in the 95th
percentile and higher because we all
know the strongest correlation with
testosterone is your health it's how you
eat your lifestyle sleep things like
that right especially how you eat but
now let's look at the average young man
from 50 years ago right this is an
average young man not super in shape not
super healthy also not super sick just
average right they had 754 nanogram per
deciliter testosterone that was the
average
today if you have 700 you've seen as a
[ __ ] Elite right meanwhile 50 years
ago 25 year old men were walking around
with 754 average right and as you can
see which again that goes back to the
feed I'm gonna make about how age does
not lower testosterone look super
healthy old man in the 60s 50 years ago
had higher testosterone than 25 year old
average men 50 years ago in the same
time frame right it's not about age it's
about how you take care of your body
your diet how you eat how you sleep
sunlight all of these habits and again
there's there's so much research behind
this not just my personal experience not
just my experience coaching clients but
even the literature back this up when
people fix their diet especially the
diet you can sleep all you want but if
you eat like trash your body's gonna
have no cofactors no nutrients to make
testosterone now watch this this is
where it gets freaking insane right
because you guys want to blame it on oh
it's the bpas the environmental
disruptors if you actually look at the
literature and the statistics those
actually play a minimum role yes they do
hurt testosterone but not as much as a
crap diet
right but anyway let's look at this
average old man again 50 years ago so
that's not super Elite it's not 93
that's just an average old man 50 years
ago not super healthy not super sick
just right there in the middle right
probably walking around with a disease
or two who knows 638 nanogram but that's
a liter meanwhile the average young man
today right probably one of you [ __ ]
watching this video right now the
average young man today is walking
around swinging his balls with 500
nanograms per deciliter that's the
average today it's between 400 and 600
it's even lower depending on which
nation you look at or in this city
whatever but on average the average
person including people who lift weights
and think they're healthy because
they're popular multivitamin or two are
walking around with 500 nanograms per
deciliter some 350. but again it's the
average now look at this guys an average
old man in his 60s 50 years ago had
higher testosterone levels than the
average young man today and you guys
have eaten a lie that it's just because
of plastic eggs and it's because of a
environment guys it's not it should die
it should die right because of studies
show that when people fix the nutrient
deficiencies guess what they actually go
back up to around 1 900 nanogram per
deciliter today in this day and age with
the Plastics I have so many studies on
this and I'm going to make so many more
videos about that where I'll show you
guys literally experiments where they
take young men to correct that
deficiency right and then boom despite
the BPA despite the Plastics despite all
the BS that you guys like to blame which
don't get me wrong they play a small
role but it's not as big as a role as
you guys think but in those studies
those people go back to 900 a thousand I
have a study coming up where they fix
that choline and B chain efficiency and
the young man went to 1500. today right
in this day and age so I don't want to
hear excuses guys right you think when
they fix the nutrient deficiencies out
of nowhere plastic disappeared no yes
BPA is bad yes you know the chlorine and
the water and yes those things are bad
but what they do is they increase
inflammation they increase oxidative
stress and they increase the actual dial
receptor Alpha but all of those things
can be mitigated when you have a good
diet enough micronutrients enough
vitamins and minerals enough
antioxidants which all of you guys are
lacking in your diet I know because
again I've been coaching for over a
decade the first thing I do when I have
clients or even when I just answer
questions for free I ask for the dice
look on the Reddit look in the Discord
when somebody asks for advice
I'll just say right let me see that let
me see a diet we put in a chronometer
and sometimes before even putting it in
chronometer I see that they're full of
[ __ ] oh I eat two eggs and then chicken
breasts and and then rice and then
broccoli and then and then this and then
I'm like what the [ __ ] you guys are
deficiently like
28 nutrients minimum oh but me gonna are
using multivitamin in fact the use of
multivitamins is the reason why a lot of
you [ __ ] is a deficient because one you
guys think that taking them multivitamin
is an excuse to eat like crap right you
think you're just gonna eat a bunch of
chips and Doritos and then pop a
multivitamin and it's gonna work wrong
right two I already explained this
before most multivitamins don't even
contain the dose that they claim is
inside a bottle and number three they
compete for absorption you are not
supposed to take multivitamins again
they're better than nothing write it
better than a person eating chips and
zero and a person eating chips and
multivitamins but they're not optimal
you gotta have a healthy diet guys and
again you gotta eat healthy Whole Foods
it blows my mind that the simplest
things that are right in front of you
right within your reach you guys are not
doing but you want to check for dude I'm
gonna make a video on all those things
because don't get me wrong song that
really works testosterone boosters
actually work actually gonna works
whatever but the reason I don't
recommend it is because you guys abuse
them right there are Band-Aid Solutions
they're not meant to be used long term
they are meant to be used if you already
did everything right you already brought
your testosterone levels to the high
range using natural methods and then if
you want that extra boost or you know
you travel and you're going through a
stressful exam week or whatever then
yeah pop some ashwagon and pop some sun
Galaxy whatever for just that one week
maybe one or two weeks but you guys are
using these supplements as Band-Aids
while ignoring the root cause
so you slapping a Band-Aid on an
affecting moon right you should not be
taking tonkarately you should not be
taken for Dojo if you are not first
doing the basics right once you do the
basics and you bring it to Assassin
levels up to 900 a thousand I don't care
what supplement You Take by all means go
ahead right it'll give you the next
maybe 10 20 30 40 boost yeah but if you
take any supplements why you two levels
are trash you're not fixing the root
cause right because the reason why most
of these testosterone boosters work
anyway the ones that do work is because
one they actually trick you by giving
you the actual nutrients that you're
deficient in so they'll put zinc in a
which is the most important one or
they'll put magnesium vitamin D whatever
so you think oh look it's a table who
said no [ __ ] it's the [ __ ] vitamins
and minerals you should have been you
that you should have gotten from your
diet in the first place right and the
second thing they do is they lower
inflammation that lower oxidative stress
which they wouldn't have to do if your
diet was already healthy so you spending
your money wasting your money on these
expense survive supplements when you
just picture that in fact that's the
reason why if you fix your diet clean
everything up good lower your oxidative
stress lower your inflammation a lot of
these t-boosters do absolutely nothing
why because there's nothing left for
them to do and I see this all the time
with clients when they do all the basics
and the T level is already high and they
decide to experiment with tonkad Ali all
these things that actually worked that
money wrong did the studies that back
them up they actually work right but
when somebody's t- level is already
maxed out because they're healthy and
they take to stop some boosters nothing
happened I look at all my clients blood
work I don't play that [ __ ] guys I look
at blood work diet micronutrients I scan
everything which tells you that you
shouldn't be using supplements as a
replacement for a crappy diet because
they would they would give you the
illusion that they're working and really
they're just fill in the holes that you
should have gotten from your fruits and
your nuts and your veggies and all that
stuff but look look at all of the
nutrients key testosterone boosting
nutrients that the average person's diet
is deficient in I factored in the RDA
and I also added the amount that you
need to be optimal right keep in mind
every single one of these nutrients play
a role in steriledogenesis testosterone
production from luteinizing hormone
secretion to cholesterol absorption by
the late excel at Star activation all
the conversion enzymes lowering estrogen
every single one of these nutrients here
and there's more right there's just no
[ __ ] room as you can see I'm maxed
out but I can make another video showing
you guys the other ones right but look
at these key nutrients that you think
you're eating enough of when you're not
because a lot of you guys are not
factoring the fact that you're eating
sugar you're not affecting the fact that
uh you have anti-nutrients in your diet
so even people who think they're getting
enough because they're like oh look I
supplement I'm not getting enough and
studies shook that look at this 99 of
you [ __ ] are not getting the optimal
amount of zinc especially if you eat a
lot of grains a lot of fighting acid and
stuff like that right same thing with
vitamin D potassium Boron I have a video
on bovine coming up right and all these
things are found in Foods you don't have
to what are you gonna do you're gonna
buy 50 freaking supplements right all
these things are found in healthy foods
fruits nuts veggies meats eggs salmon
but no you want to eat rice and chicken
breasts but anyway I hope this is an
eye-opener for you guys I don't want to
hear excuses about the environment I
don't hear excuses about age right fix
your diet lower your inflammation lower
your oxidative stress
take care of your balls and your body
will thank you by increasing your
testosterone levels to where it should
be which is around a thousand or more
right there's no reason why an old why
an average 65 year old man 50 years ago
should have higher T levels than you
guys alright guys comment below let me
know what your biggest obstacles to
boosting testosterone are join the
Reddit join the Discord post all your
video questions if you have any video
suggestions post them in the Discord
right I'm not gonna respond to your
video suggestions in the comment section
in the comments just type Boosie
algorithm like the video do all that
cute [ __ ] help to help the channel grow
but if you have video suggestions post
them in the Discord this is a whole
Discord Channel specifically for that
alright stay tuned for the next video
alright guys don't forget to like or
share the video subscribe and hit the
bell and buy my HSB nucleus of a little
training program she also made a program
for maximum muscle growth it includes
full body workout space bro splits
push-pull home workouts you name it also
comes with a completely guy for macros
nutrition fat loss muscle growth
hormones including a meal plan it's
pretty much all my 16 years of
experience condensed into one [ __ ]
book you're also going to get free
copies of any future Edition so visit
team 3D alpha.com and you can use the 40
off coupon code nucleus of the Lord or
you could just buy this [ __ ] at full
price all right guys I'm out of here
