hey guys going on Megan here all right
so I'm gonna give you guys the answer to
this quiz I'm going to explain why it's
the correct answer and we're going to
look at the comments and see what
everybody else is saying all right quiz
for Doja agrestis is scientifically
proven to boost testosterone in humans
is this true or false true meaning yes
there are human studies proveness and
false no there are no human studies
between this what do you guys think the
answer is if you have not taken uh if
you haven't participated in the poll you
could comment below before I give the
correct answer
uh what do you guys think
well dance is false yep so 65 of you
guys have this answer wrong
remember I said it is a scientifically
proven to boost testosterone in humans
that is false there's not a single human
study done on for Dojo aggressives that
shows that it boosts the sauce on humans
now it does boost testosterone in rats
uh that is backed up by evidence uh and
once again rat studies are fine in fact
I can make a video explaining why red
studies are actually better than human
studies in many cases
I know this sounds crazy but if you
actually
uh know how research is done and the
limitations of human studies you'll know
why there's a reason why over 90 to 95
percent of uh you know animal Studies
have done on rodents but anyway uh yeah
there's not a single human study
peer-reviewed and published let alone a
good study meaning randomized
double-blind placebo-controlled uh
showing that for Dojo works for humans
now now that does not mean that it does
not work in humans that's not what I'm
saying here all I'm saying is we don't
have human studies yet you guys know it
is never wise to jump into something
unless you have a lot of evidence and
I've Just Seen animal studies but in
human studies we need both because they
each have strengths and weaknesses they
each have pros and cons they are pros
and cons to human studies they're pros
and cons to animal studies you need both
plus you obviously need empirical
evidence and things like that right so
yeah it's funny how everyone is hopping
off of those regresses you know without
even waiting to see the side effects the
long term we already know the side
effects on animals you know the toxicity
and the you know testicular damage and
things like that but we don't even know
the short-term and long-term side
effects on humans
we don't know the long-term side effects
on rats because again we don't even have
enough animal studies we have some you
know they are promising don't get me
wrong they're promising but
we need more we need multiple studies
you know enough to do a meta-analysis
so I don't recommend you guys hopping on
[ __ ] that does not have enough evidence
you know especially when you don't even
know what's the right dose and and and
and whatever not to mention if you watch
my video on supplements and testosterone
boosters that I don't think you should
be on this assassin boosters anyway
right like I said the only people that
should be on testosterone boosters are
the ones who are already doing
everything correctly they're already
doing the basics sleep is fine nutrition
is fine micronutrient deficiencies are
taken care of
the exercising the training they're
getting sunlight when you're doing
everything fine and your T levels are
over 800 nanogram right a thousand or
more at least 800 nanograms per
deciliter then you could experiment and
say hey you know what let me waste my
money on this supplement and see what
happens but you guys are not doing it
you guys have 300 400 500 nanograms per
deciliter testosterone and you hopping
on t-boosters right and it's actually
making your the the the the cause of
your low testosterone worse because
testosterone boosters are Band-Aid
Solutions right they don't fix the
problem
right then mask the symptoms
if you need a testosterone booster
something is wrong just like if you need
caffeine something is wrong caffeine is
great
but is a good supplement to use when you
actually don't need it when you want
that extra boost in energy that's when
you take caffeine same thing with your
cell phone boosters
you take them if you want to take them
when everything's already going well and
you just want that extra you know boost
that's how supplements are meant to be
used but you guys are using them as a
Band-Aid solution 50 levels are low you
need to fix the root cause
all the tea boosters are going to do is
make it seem as if everything is fine
meanwhile the wound is infecting
underneath the surface
right also keep in mind that for Dojo
aggresses it has different mechanisms of
actions you know it increases
cholesterol within the cell the late
excels
um it has the effects on luteinizing
hormone but keep in mind that you do not
want anything that increases luteinizing
hormone right outside of the basics
obviously I saw the sleeve nutrition
whatever why because if your brain is
not releasing luteinizing hormones for a
reason I repeat if your brain is not
releasing enough luteinizing hormone
meaning it's not releasing enough GnRH
it's for a reason it could be due to
your nutrient status Stress Control
Stress Management whatever so instead of
just saying hey let me just take the
supplement that bypasses my body's way
of releasing LH no you should identify
the root cause and fix it you do not
want something that just overrides your
body so immune system mechanisms but
anyway let's look at the comments and
see what everybody else is saying all
right just wanted to say I love your
content has really helped me improve
mythletic performance especially in Jiu
Jitsu I've seen games from the gym all
right appreciate the love glad to help
you guys want my mission I want to help
for free free information everyone
should have access to free information
right next how long would you recommend
to rest between sets
uh come on that has nothing to do with
the top of the video but uh yeah I'm
trying to stay focused here by the way
best friend all right thanks appreciate
the love make a new thing is the
Coalition between levels of testosterone
and the hotness of the tool
um obviously it's a correlation and
there's also some causation because you
need testosterone you actually need
estrogen to have a strong erection you
need testosterone DHT and estradiol
right your principal estrogen to have a
powerful erection
um and I can make a video to explain
exactly why you need those three that's
why if you block testosterone
you know you have erectile issues if
you're black estrogen you have your
Exile issues especially if it's too low
you know you don't want estrogen too
high you don't want it too low inverter
you curve uh you definitely don't want
DHT too low because that also affects
erections
um and it's mainly through you know
nitric oxide Pathways and you know
um inhibiting certain enzymes but I
could make a little video about that
also I heard that a two which has a
higher elevation when I write indicates
High T levels I make a video about all
that but let's let's stay focused
you started making vids for your pole
and if we're getting one for this I'm
excited well hopefully you are excited
um never try this one we all know about
tonkad ali but I'm surprised no one ever
mentions holy bit so that stuff is gold
um let's see from what I heard and seen
yes it can improve people's tea levels
of a certain amount of time
um actually I'm not saying it doesn't
work obviously work if it works on rats
there's a huge chance that works in
humans people forget that rats people
actually are surprised how similar the
human body is to you know our physiology
is to rats whether cognitive function
endocrine function respiratory function
we are very very similar to rats you
know um I know it sounds crazy because
you're like well look look at the
writing look at the human but that's how
you know you got to study biology we are
very very similar to that in fact
when something works on a rat there's a
bigger likelihood that it would work on
humans
and then in Reverse I repeat if
something works on rats and mice rodents
there's a bigger chance that it'll work
on humans than than it won't
um
and that doesn't mean that just because
it works in rest it will work in humans
no you still gotta look at the does and
things like that you got to make the
conversions and you gotta you know
account for the genetic differences but
we we very very similar so there's a big
chance that fedojo works in humans it's
just I'm not going to go out of my way
and recommend it to people unless I have
a ton uh you guys know my rule I only
recommend things that one I have
experience with two my clients have
experience with three there's gazillion
amount of empirical evidence and number
four there's obviously scientific
evidence a lot of it you know so science
so studies on humans studies on uh on
rats mice
so that's when I'm confident enough to
say all right go ahead and try this
whereas for those who does not pass a
lot of those uh you know a lot of those
items all right let's see
pretty sure it increases Our Lives which
can increase tests some people get
allergic increases with the taxes yeah
like I said you don't want anything that
increases at least unless there's
something that's sustainable that you
can take your whole life again like the
basics food healthy food whatever you
want to be very careful with things that
increase LH
um because your body should not have low
allergies to begin with you know now if
it's something that restores at least
function that's different right meaning
let's say you you had inflammation or
you had very high cortisol or you had
very low blood glucose or you had
insulin resistance and that led to your
body not activating the kiss neurons and
releasing GnRH then yeah you know that's
obviously a good thing right because you
just fixed you know the underlying issue
but if you jump over the root cause if
you jump over the underlying issue and
then you increase LH yeah that's never
good
um let's see uh can you do a video on
Pipeline sure
um
the thumb up is proving to be execution
Arena yep it was all right fellow
history nerd glad to meet you uh do you
know about estrogenics uh of course um
guys I make videos about shooting like
what 10 years ago it's still there super
long video I went over all the details
all right next is eating too much meat
bad for your brand because no too much
meat is obviously what do you mean by
too much right it depends on what you
mean by too much right you wrote it you
curve next I only say yes because Andrew
human said it then I know this is a joke
but geez
and by the way guys I have nothing
against Andrew huberman right I I think
he's a great guy
um I've heard a lot of his content
um in fact he came on my radar last year
when he started making videos about
sunlight and dopamine you guys know I
love dopamine and sunlight I've been
talking about it for years so I was like
okay this is a guy who knows what he's
talking about he's finally finally
somebody else is telling people to get
enough sunlight and you know bring him
forward the importance of dopamine which
you can look at my old videos I've been
talking about this [ __ ] for years but I
started to lose respect for him when he
started saying complete [ __ ] with
about accident or um
on purpose and uh the fact that he did
not go back and rectify and clean up a
lot of the mistakes that's what I hate
that's why I draw the line right I don't
care how much how much good information
you give out if you make a mistake and
you let your ego get in the way of
rectifying it yeah because then I can't
trust you because now I know that you're
driven by your ego you're not driven by
a Pursuit Of Truth and there's a lot of
stuff that he said which like I said I'm
giving him the benefit of the doubt
maybe it was by accident we all make
mistakes but the fact that he didn't go
back and clean those up yeah I was like
[ __ ] this but um but yeah I other than
that I agree with you know
99 of what he says it's just he he goes
over the top a lot you know and he likes
to say things that are not proven and he
just throws it out there like the 400
she may retention [ __ ] oh that makes
that made me so mad but I already made a
video about that
next um but yeah overall overall like I
said I I think he's a great guy anybody
who loves science anybody who who puts
out free information you know
um I'm definitely gonna like them more
than I dislike them
next uh nope but tonkadali is usually
paired with their house is that song
I'll try to uh give me random pains in
the bowl yeah there's a lot of toxicity
issues especially in animal studies
um but I say depends on the dose and all
that stuff that's why I said we need
more evidence we need more studies you
guys have to be patient
um trust me God if something works even
if I'm I'm against it I'm gonna make a
video showing you guys that it works
because that's what I do I just show you
the evidence as long as the evidence is
substantial
next not a human's just a single rap
study correct
um because of human yeah yeah yeah it's
crazy you know and I don't know what he
was thinking you know if you have an
audience if you have millions of people
listening to you you do not recommend
something that does not have you know a
ton of evidence and is also and also has
a good unestablished safety profile you
know we don't even know the safety
profile of fedodia on racks let alone
humans right and we won't even know
until years down the road
so the fact that he just went out there
and recommended it I'm sure he had good
intentions but holy cow
you should see how many people messaged
me like hey I got I ordered for don't
you and I'm like what you think guys if
you're just not new it's been out for a
long time look at the studies
it's not new the reason why people don't
talk about it is because it's because
there's not enough evidence I could show
you guys hundreds of compounds that are
on my folder on my list that I've
studied that have not made a single
video wanna know why you guessed it
there's not enough evidence
but I would get so many views if I just
made a video about every freaking random
compound or random study that came out I
would get so many more views oh look
look at this compound look at this
compound look at this compound no that's
not how I operate I need
gazillion amount of evidence right
because I cannot afford to mislead my
subscribers or to just mislead anyone
and then next you know they snap that
[ __ ] up a year later and now I'm to
blame you know I can't live with that
next uh let's see I search online and it
said it did increase every five days uh
you talking about the rap city by the
way I said yes because the name sounds
cool I don't do a human study but
there's definitely something right yeah
you have a good thing I'm Gonna Roll
then
let's see uh Megan what do you go to
look up actual scientific leadership by
the way I always put the studies in the
description so you could check them out
um I want to make sure and by the way
that's how you know that somebody's full
of [ __ ] like the 400 percent semi
retention [ __ ] challenge them this
is not a single study that proves it I
already debunked it but you'll notice
that they don't mention the study
because it doesn't exist you know but
anyway yeah I always give you guys the
studies in the description I give you
guys a study on the website the website
article if I don't message me I'll just
send it to you
um because I stole almost every single
one on my computer I have thousands of
studies on my computer
um I went out of room sometimes
but uh yeah so what about go to look it
up I can make a separate video about
that because the videos about Fido but I
would explain to you guys I I look at
PubMed I look at research Brigade I look
at um andrology journals um I look at
obviously Google Scholar uh not Google
Google Scholar that's two different
things
um look at uh science direct I look at
biology textbooks I go to the library
and get I mean I look everywhere guys
you never pick just one place I want
multiple databases multiple articles you
know this this way I don't have to worry
about conflicts of interest and things
like that but
like I said before I could make a whole
video explain you guys my entire
research process it is very long it is
very because it's very detailed very
regimented
um very strict I spent hours on this
[ __ ] I mean this is my whole life guys
you know over a decade tens of thousands
of studies
you know but again I do it because I
love it you know let's see uh pretty
sure they're only yeah you have no human
studies yep yep
um
all right all right so that's it uh make
sure you guys comment join the Discord
you want to read it you know and um vote
in the upcoming polls I'm out alright
guys don't forget to like or share the
video subscribe and hit the bell and by
my HSB nucleus of a little training
program you see ultimate program for
maximum muscle growth it includes full
body workout splits bro splits push-pull
home workouts you name it also comes
with a complete guide for macros
nutrition fat loss monster growth
hormones including a meal plan it's
pretty much all my 16 years of
experience condensed into one [ __ ]
book you're also gonna get free copies
of any future Edition so visit
team3dalpha.com and you can use the 40
off coupon code nucleus overload or you
could just buy this [ __ ] at full price
all right guys I'm out of here
