hey guys what's up Megan here uh this
quick videoos about a study that I
discovered It's actually an old study
since 2009 and it's it's something that
that's out there for a long time but
most people don't know cuz even I didn't
know that [ __ ] I was I'm [ __ ]
researching all day long and I uh I
completely admitted that right maybe I
knew before and I forgot but glucose uh
drastically sugar drastically reduces
testosterone they did a study where um
they administered 75 G of U sugar drink
I think was soda some [ __ ] a glucose
drink right to a bunch of people
including men and women and not only
after you know they ingested not only
the te levels Dro but to some people it
even dropped below the healthy level and
on top of that it kept dropping for
hours on end like hours after the you
know they ingested the drink it was just
like you know ingest the drink and
weight and it kept dropping and dropping
and dropping so and it it was such a
crazy find that you know people started
publishing that over the internet you
know but obviously lot of Mag a lot of
magazines didn't publish that article
because it's going to kill their
business you know I mean a lot of
companies Thrive off uh uh those
post-workout you know high glycemic
drinks to spike your insulin post
workout which I really believe in cuz I
believe after the workout you should
replenish the stor but they don't want
to post anything that's going to make
them make people stop buying their high
sugar drinks so guys uh what do you
think what like what do you think about
it cuz me really I'm not going to stop
uh taking my post-workout [ __ ] uh
insulin Spike you know I need that [ __ ]
but um now I'm looking for a way to to
go around that there's always a way in
chemistry and biology there's always a
way to go around chemical reactions so
right now I'm just I'm kind of
researching I'm going to let you guys
know when I find out I'm looking for a
way to take my my you know get my
insulin Spike without the the decrease
of testosterone and also they find out
that it is not the insulin Spike that
decreased the testosterone believe it or
not because that realized that when you
inject insulin other people give him a
high give him an insulin Spike without
sugar the tea levels don't drop so it
was only the sugar that that that that
caused that from fructose high high
fructose corn syrups and all that
[ __ ] so um I'm going to do more
research obviously it's it's it was a
lot of sugar I mean it was a lot of
sugar that they took I want to know if
that's the same the same thing happens
if you take only a small amount of sugar
you know and I also noticed that when I
was in my cave man died last year man my
tea levels were off the roof not only my
energy was crazy but I was strong and
driven and [ __ ] it was only for one
week I did the diet for only one week
and I felt [ __ ] amazing so it makes
sense because when I was doing that diet
I wasn't eating any sugar at all any
starchy Foods nothing I was just taking
fruits every now and then nuts and uh a
lot of fats and a lot of protein so
let's uh let's see what more I get out
of this study but anyway guys I hope you
know for now not only candy is bad but
now it's [ __ ] wax with testosterone
levels go figure all right guys
[Music]
