now here's the best part look at what
happened to the
hey guys going on Megan here
testosterone levels have been dropping
like flies over the last generations and
the primary reason is nutrient
deficiencies a lot of you guys eat like
absolute trash as you can see from this
chart here up to 99 of people are
deficient in at least one crucial
micronutrient which is needed to produce
testosterone and one crucial mineral in
particular is boron and as you can see
here 95 percent or more of people are
not getting enough Bull Run in their
diet that is insane given that Boron is
involved in so many crucial cellular
processes across the human body and as a
result a lot of men suffer from low
testosterone or high sex hormone biting
globulin High shpg which lowers your
free testosterone and gives you the five
most common symptoms of low testosterone
which is difficulty putting on muscle
mass difficulty increasing your strength
in the gym excess body fat around the
midsection a lot of anxiety a lot of
fair load confidence and obviously being
tired and fatigued all the time even
after getting a decent amount of sleep
and another reason why men struggle to
boost their testosterone levels is
because even when they try they are
bombarded with misinformation you have
the medical industry big farmer trying
to put you on trt and lying to you and
telling you that age lowers testosterone
which has been debunked so many times
telling you that it's a natural process
and so that you can pretty much cash in
your Natty card and rant your
masculinity from them keep in mind it's
a two billion dollar industry for a
reason they have to find a way to make
money you have politicians shaming you
for wanting higher testosterone levels
trying to make you easier to control
weaker you have supplement companies
lying to you constantly and flashing a
bunch of crappy ass products that have
been debunked over and over again as
well as dishonorable Fitness influences
who take advantage of your ignorance and
naivety to get richer and richer and you
also have your own laziness blame right
all of these things contribute to your
low testosterone today and remember guys
boosting just this one is not hard at
all naturally that is five main things
you need to focus on fixing your vitamin
and mineral deficiencies as well as your
antioxidants eating fatty animals or
fatty Meats red meat especially eggs
fatty fish right increasing blood flow
through exercise walking resistance
training fixing insulin resistance right
lowering inflammation right so facing
your immune system and avoiding things
that create an overactive immune system
and obviously reducing stress and
oxidative stress that said anything that
does those things will keep your
testosterone levels elevated naturally
but the fitness industry most of the
fitness industry doesn't want you to
notice right because they want you to
keep buying the supplements or they want
you to keep watching the shitty videos
full of misinformation meanwhile all you
have to do are just those five basic
things which is obviously going to
increase your testosterone increase your
free testosterone and give you all the
benefits and all the advantages of high
tea faster muscle growth more strength
faster fat loss more motivated in desire
to conquer a ton of energy pretty much
giving you a mindset that only has one
thing in mind which is should I conquer
my goals or should I conquer my goals
there's no alternative when your T
levels are high you don't make excuses
the only thing you think about is
accomplishing your goal competing
leveling up in life all right so before
we look at this Boron study let's make
sure that it passes the team 3D Alpha
[ __ ] test and guys you should apply
this test this Five Point test to every
piece of information that you hear and
the team 3D Alpha [ __ ] test is
simply five things the five criteria
that any method any piece of information
out there has to have before I implement
it or recommend it to my clients number
one does it have a ton not one or two a
ton of scientific evidence several
studies the bare minimum is about three
to five that's the bare minimum not just
one random study pulled out of your ass
no I need to have a lot of evidence
behind the method number two it has to
be something that I have a ton of
experience with personally and with my
clients over the last 10 years so not
only it has to work in the research
world but it also has to work
empirically number three it has to work
fast guys I love things that work fast
you want to know why because if
something takes too long to work there
are too many confounding factors by the
time you see results or don't see
results you won't know if it's because
of the supplement or a factor or method
that you use or if it's because it's
something else you did during that time
so I like things that work fast because
then it's easy to know if you've been
lied to if it's [ __ ] or if it works
for real right I don't want something
that takes years or several months to
see results because then you're wasting
your money and you won't even know if
you on the right path for not until
months later number four it has support
significantly nobody wants a five
percent increase I want I need to see
big increases whether it's testosterone
muscle mass fat loss doesn't matter I
like methods that give you big results
using the Pareto Principle this way
you're getting the biggest bang for your
buck and last but not least it has to be
simple I need Simple Solutions right if
a caveman couldn't do it back in the
days then I become skeptical right A lot
of people like to confuse you guys by
giving you these complex complicated no
no it has to be simple practical
sustainable if something meets all five
of these criteria boom I recommend it to
everybody I apply to my own life and I
receive to my clients alright so let's
take a look at this bro and study I'm
going to show you guys the study what
they found and how you could apply to
your own life all right so the goal of
the study was to Simply see the effects
of boron which is a natural mineral
founding mainly fruits and nuts on
testosterone levels so the researchers
took a small group of men and first they
measure their hormones and blood markers
and testosterone DHT a whole bunch of
stuff when they had a very very low
Boron status and then they measured it
again after seven days of daily Bull Run
supplementation and the first thing that
the researchers found was sure enough
the Boron was absorbed very well about
the body as you can see here the
difference in bo1 levels between day one
and day seven through the roof the
average person is down here by the way
that's how much Boron is an average
person's blood and after just seven days
of daily Boron about 10 milligrams a day
which I'm going to show you guys how you
could get from Whole Foods that plasma
Boron skyrocketed now here's the best
part look at what happened to the free
testosterone levels on day one compared
to day seven in just seven days in just
one week they're free testosterone
levels which once again is significantly
more important than total testosterone
skyrocketed which further proves why
most people are walking around with low
total testosterone or low free
testosterone because once again most
people don't get enough boron in their
diet mainly from Whole Foods and it gets
even crazy here's another thing they
found and if you want I could make more
videos on this but look at what borvan
did to the estrogen levels specifically
estradiol the most powerful estrogen and
their inflammation inflammation got
crushed by as much as 45 if you use
copious a gauge astrodite got destroyed
by 39 free testosterone shot up so the
testosterone didn't move much but that's
fine because free testosterone is the
most important factor anyway combine
with Androgen receptors of course but
again it's a topic for a different video
and as you can see here they're free
testosterone to E2 which is estradiol
once again the most powerful estrogen
went up a hundred and sixteen percent
which is astounding from just one
micronutrient just one mineral that
should be in your diet every day from
Whole Foods even at DHT levels went up a
little bit which is obviously the most
powerful testosterone the most powerful
Androgen and remember this is from just
one mineral which once again 95 of you
guys are deficient in it's no surprise
that countries that eat a lot of fruits
and nuts have higher testosterone levels
on average and keep in mind Brolin is
just one piece of the puzzle and it has
so many other effects on the body other
than just boosting testosterone and
manipulating your hormones it has
effects on cognitive function again
estrogen bone density reducing oxidative
stress lowering inflammation DNA
methylation protein synthesis blood flow
insulin resistance you name it so many
powerful effects that Berlin has it even
helps you absorb and retain magnesium
vitamin D and so many other things which
is why I always tell you guys year after
year after year fix your diet fix your
diet stop chasing supplements stop
chasing complicated methods when you're
not even doing the basics now here's
what you should do number one as I
always say don't be this guy right
because we already know what he's going
to do after watching this video he's
going to buy a ton of bro-on supplements
instead of buying more fruits and nuts
which should already be in your diet if
you watch my videos next after watching
this video this guy's gonna get over 90
percent of his Boron from you guessed it
from supplements meanwhile this guy's
gonna get over 90 of his Boron from
Whole Foods just like our ancestors did
and just as you should and number three
this guy's gonna make a ton of excuses
as to why he can't afford healthy foods
oh Meagan you know I'm gonna book
inflation inflation even though he has
money to waste some video games and a
bunch of other BS right meanwhile this
guy's gonna figure out ways to budget
better so that he can afford healthy
Whole Foods right get your Boron mainly
from fruits and nuts that's where the
human body has evolved to get most of
our Boron from and guys the reason why I
bash supplements so much right remember
supplements are not evil it's just you
guys abuse supplements but here are the
five reasons why I discourage you guys
from getting the majority yourself from
supplements instead of Whole Foods
number one you never know what's inside
of a supplement right you never know
companies lie to you all the time I
warned you guys years ago before let's
throw on a Turkish Roman viral a lot of
you [ __ ] didn't believe me and sure
enough you got scammed just like I want
in my videos almost three years ago you
never know what's inside of a bottle you
could blindly be taking a supplement
thinking it has the nutrient XYZ when it
doesn't and that's one of the reasons
why I like you guys are deficient
because you rely on supplements so much
that it's impossible to tell if you're
even getting what you're supplementing
with number two even if the supplement
you buy has what it claims that it has
it's impossible for you to really know
the dose companies lie on the dose all
the time they might tell you oh look it
has 100 milligrams of XYZ when it really
has 10. so you got to get over that
hurdle number three a lot of supplements
come with toxic Metals toxic ingredients
that actually hurt your testosterone
levels more than a supplement are
supposed to actually be in it more than
the active ingredient for which you took
the supplement in the first place number
four it is very easy to overdose with
supplements but it is very hard to over
those with real foods right a lot of you
guys are overdosing on supplements which
causes other vitamin and mineral
deficiencies and number four the reason
why I want you guys to get 95 plus if
not 100 if possible of your stuff from
Whole Foods is because when you buy
Whole Foods you're also getting other
micronutrients in addition to the one
that you're eating the food for some
example if you eating dried raisins
you're eating avocados if you're eating
nuts not only are you getting Boron but
you're also getting potassium you're
also getting some magnesium you're also
getting the other nutrients that are in
that food whereas if you just buy let's
say one zinc supplement or one Boron
supplement you're only getting Boron at
best so it's not efficient but anyway
quick summary this study wanted to
investigate the effect of boron on
testosterone levels and after just seven
days of supplementation free
testosterone went through the roof
meanwhile estrogen and a bunch of other
inflammatory markers went down and the
best sources of boron are fruits and
nuts alright guys go ahead and boost the
algorithm help the video get as many
views and likes as possible don't forget
to subscribe and hit the Bell so that
you don't miss our future videos because
I get Shadow banned all the goddamn time
and join the Reddit and the Disco
Community where we interact and ask
questions and help each other out right
if you have any video requests put that
in the Discord not the Reddit in the
Discord a specific channel for video
requests and also comment below comments
on random BS distribution algorithm in
fact no don't comment random BS I
actually have a question let me know
prior to watching this video how much
fruits and nuts or how much Boron do you
think you got from your diet on average
right how much dry raisins do you eat on
average how many uh plums avocados yes
avocados a fruit nuts almonds whatever
comment below and let me know how high
your average bur one intake is all right
I'm out of here all right guys don't
forget to like or share the video
subscribe and hit the bell and buy my
Asia speed nucleus of a little training
program she also made program for
maximum muscle growth it includes full
body workouts plus Bros place push-pull
home workouts you name it also comes
with a complete guide for macros
nutrition fat loss monster growth
hormones including a meal plan it's
pretty much all my 16 years of
experience condensed into one [ __ ]
book you're also gonna get free copies
of any future Edition so visit
team3dalpha.com and you can use the 40
off coupon code nucleus overload or you
could just buy the share full price all
right guys I'm out of here
