hey guys what's going on making here
here let me put the timer first before I
start this video all right uh quiz true
or false carnitine is scientifically
proven to increase Androgen receptors
you know the receptors for testosterone
so before I give you guys the correct
answer
um and eventually go on and read the
comments uh let's explain let's quickly
explain what carnitine does right in
fact carnitine is an amino acid your
body makes it but just obviously not
enough
um and it's mainly found in Foods as you
guys know
um I always recommend getting the
majority of your [ __ ] from Foods right
so I'm not referring to carnitine
supplements here I'm talking about
actual carnitine that your body makes
and the carnitine that you get from
Foods
um and it is
scientific Improvement to increase
energy receptors is that true or false
well the answer is true
um and then if you want I could go over
the different studies that looked at uh
conductance effect on not just Androgen
receptors but a lot of other functions
by the way carnitine also plays a
massive role in fat loss in fact without
carnitine you can't even lose fat right
because your content is what shuttles uh
is what carries fatty acids into the
cell uh for them to be burned by the
mitochondria Blah Blah Blah Blah by
skipping the nerd talk
carnitine does protect your cells from
damage
from training from oxidative stress and
in the process it also protects your
Androgen receptors from being destroyed
from the things I just mentioned so it's
not just your energy receptors the
carnitine protect it's a lot of other
things and obviously carnitine also
plays a bunch of roles on cognition and
uh you know focus and things like that
but for now for this video we'll just
focus on
the effects it has on Androgen receptors
if you new to my videos you don't know
what are you new to testosterone you
don't know what Androgen receptors are
watch my videos on it but long story
short testosterone cannot work but at
the endogen receptor technically it can
there are some things the size one can
do without the AR I'm going to call it
AR to keep it short but the vast
majority of the things that we know
testosterone for is done through the air
the antigen receptor in fact I have a
video called your mother decides how
jacked you are and if you watch that
video I explain how
um pretty much you get your energy and
receptor from your mom
and it should gives you a damaged
version of the AR you [ __ ] like you
could train as much as you want you're
going to put very very little um you're
gonna make very little progress compared
to somebody who has an intact
engineering receptor so see testosterone
as the key
and see the Androgen receptor as the
lock right in fact the reason why DHT
dehydro testosterone is more powerful
than testosterone it's primarily it's
mainly because it activates the energy
receptor better to make things
what makes things even worse is that if
you have all the testosterone in the
world but your energy receptor is not
working you actually come out looking
like a girl I could make a whole video
on that you literally come out like a
girl penis is not showing it's like a
weird vagina thing
um and you'll develop like a girl even
though you have sky high levels of
testosterone not to mention most of that
testosterone is going to convert to
estrogen but that's a different video so
let me start short your Androgen
receptor is extremely important it's
what decides how much muscle you could
put on
up there with my stand and follow the
Statin pathway and um it's really what
makes you a man right so whenever we say
testosterone testosterone Androgen
status we're really referring to the
action that it has on the Androgen
receptor that's why when people have
prostate cancer and then um
the the doctors want to reduce the
amount of DHT the dhg activity in the
body or testosterone activity they
either give you glycerelin or drugs that
lower your testosterone right or they
keep your testosterone the same but they
just block your energy receptors you
know
um let's also how Psalms work think
about the Psalms you know selective
energy and receptor modulators that's
all they do you know they just mimic
testosterone in the HT Whatever by
directly activating your energy receptor
okay so long story short
quick summary the Androgen receptor is
simply what allows testosterone to do
testosterone [ __ ] right now again I
could make separate videos on the on the
other pathways through which
testosterone has its effects but the
Al's the main one all right the answer
is uh true I already said it right uh
carnitine does put Sac Androgen
receptors from damage especially after
training based on research and it does a
bunch of other things but anyway let's
see the comments oh by the way and
that's also why I tell you guys you can
just look at testosterone levels right I
hate when people make studies or even
videos we're like oh look just start
showing this they start some levels
discussion levels mean nothing if your
energy receptors are not uh put in
contacts that's why this study showing
people with low testosterone building a
lot of muscle and people with high
testosterone not building enough muscles
because it's not about the testosterone
levels it's about the Androgen status is
is the testosterone actually binding
through the Androgen receptor
um is the DHD balance engine receptor is
uh uh it's called a solo you know it's
it's a big picture you can look at one
thing but anyway so let's look at the
comments
hey let me can you do a video against
example for real good diet rich in
protein cause fast guys I've done it
like I've done tier lists you guys
remember the trailers you know I'm about
to not category [ __ ] amazing what
I've literally showed you guys best
protein best carbs best fats best
vitamins everything you just mentioned I
already did videos about this if you
want I could put it all in one video but
the [ __ ] man stop being lazy guys
um but yeah yeah just type team to the
alpha tier list and then type like
protein you know carbs or fats and just
pick the foods that are in the top to
you know um tears you know like
I'm about to knock category and uh
[ __ ] amazing category yeah but yeah I
already did that guys I I wouldn't be
renting on all these videos and
complaining about your shitty diets if I
hadn't already given you
time and time again the answers
but yeah yeah if you guys want I see it
has a lot of likes
um but if you guys want I might
put it all into one video it's gonna be
long as [ __ ] though all right next first
I heard about this is Chase irons
Channel this is our resumption is far
better when injected and when digested
um no this is actually that's if you're
comparing
injections comparing to the supplements
by the way once again
shocker if you're getting your carnitine
from food it actually has a higher buyer
availability than a supplement are you
surprised I'm telling you this forever
and again it's not always the case you
know to be fair it's not always the case
that uh getting the supplement from
Whole Foods is better but most of the
time it is in the case of carnitine yes
um bioavailability of a carnitine
supplement is so trash
in some cases it's as low as five to ten
percent so you're buying two thousand
milligrams you're taking 2 000
milligrams of uh carnitine from a pill
right and you're getting ripped the [ __ ]
off because you're only absorbing maybe
200 milligrams right and this is well
documented in a research so that's how
again that's how these companies rape
you off man meanwhile if you're getting
beef yeah you might be getting a lower
amount of carnitine from that red meat
but the buyer availability is so [ __ ]
high that is often higher or equal to
the overpriced supplement
right
um Nas Falls injection hold on I'll show
you guys you guys know like my channel I
like to keep things simple things that a
caveman could do so even if injection is
better which in some cases it is why
would you do that why would you want to
inject carnitine guys just eat red meat
man keep things simple
um
but uh but yeah he's not entirely wrong
right if you enjoy quantity obviously
you're going to bypass the labor and
things like that and you're going to
bypass
um sorry um you're gonna bypass stomach
acid and all that stuff but that's not
practical or I'm not going to tell my
subscribers to walk around you know with
syringes and [ __ ]
um who knows what else they might put in
that thing you know so it's a slippery
slope it's a very slippery slope
next I don't know but I'm voting yes and
we punished to give us a trade question
[Music]
um
made a video and could actually give you
guys a loud trick question to see how
many idiots out there or how many people
are not
um
don't pay attention to the videos or
don't pay attention to the research or
to just common sense need a video on
Corner chain please Megan sure if you
want but I pretty much gave all the
answers away here you should make a
video on
uh no no I won't uh that would be unreal
I know um an East African dude who
crowded series if you know you can
continue we just died of course guys if
you want to make another I could make a
hotel list on the things you could do to
boost your energy and receptors because
remember at the end of the day if your T
levels are low or even normal but you
make your Androgen receptors uh more
sensitive or you increase the amount
you're going to be more anabolic than
somebody who has a thousand nanogram per
Destiny testosterone in fact what do you
think nucleus will work so well right
one of the reasons is you increasing the
amount nuclei what comes with a
myonuclei more Androgen receptors most
of the time
um same thing with satellite cells in
fact satellite cells which would open a
nuclear load increase satellite cells
and actually get them to donate the
nuclei into the muscle because you don't
want to just increase them and then go
right back to being dormant but if you
actually make the conversion happen
you're getting more antigen receptors
and I can show you the studies
um now the differences in muscles right
some muscles get more have more Androgen
receptors per myonuclei than others but
all our SQL the more satellite cells the
more myonuclei or less equal the more
Androgen receptors that's why the muscle
becomes so sensitive to growth after
nucleus overload that's one of the
reasons but I could already explain that
in those little videos whenever you hear
me talk about satellite cells and
myonuclei I'm talking about it's mainly
Androgen receptors
because what's the point of myonuclei if
it has no DNA and it has no
transcription factors which is what the
AR is it's a transcription Factor
um let's see uh I'm pretty sure
differential down people without
instructions from the diet it doesn't
increase in life
again again you okay so let's let's
deconstruct that I'm pretty sure the
studies you're referring to have done
the people who had institutions no no
that they're not having sufficient
currency in fact there's even studies
showing that
um anyway I'm going to suffocate but
there's different studies showing that
even vegetarians
um have some condensation in their body
because the body tries to adapt you know
based on the fact that they're not
eating enough meat whatever but no it's
not if you have low carnitine
um and um it doesn't increase that's
everything obviously it's like zinc if
you have enough zinc most zinc is not
going to do [ __ ] so why are you
preaching to the choir
it doesn't increase in the linear
fashion no [ __ ] dude that's like saying
if you already drink enough water more
water is not going to make you feel
better
you want a [ __ ] Nobel Prize for that
people say the most obvious thing
as if no one knew this anyway when I
took card in the chain it was hard to
train see you're talking about the
supplement
y'all [ __ ] drive me nuts man I'm
talking about carnitine from food food
food food food
um and also the one that you're you know
that your body actually makes if you're
getting enough protein
um because I had to take uh [ __ ] every
five minutes pretty sure it boosts
um testicular and now don't get me wrong
if you want when I make the video and
call the chain I will talk about the
studies on carnitine supplements
um in fact in most of the studies they
have to use the supplement because
obviously it's a study they have to
isolate the you know the compound they
can't just give them rat meat because
then you can't isolate you can't
come to a conclusion that oh it was
carnitine that gave them
multiple receptor a more antioxidant uh
you know like you can't do that if you
just give them rat meat because there's
so many things in red meat so in the
studies they have to use a supplement
that doesn't mean that you have to use a
supplement you know
but uh
anyway pretty sure booster circular
function yeah carnitine has a ton of
benefits oh gosh you would be you would
be dead without without calling cheating
you know it has so many effects again
your body makes it for a reason
in fact your body makes it from two very
important amino acids lysine and
methionine and again if you're getting
enough choline that's also going to
increase uh carnitine retention and
synthesis in the body I already made a
video about choline which almost
everybody's deficient in over 90 based
on the studies not not just the pole but
some actual studies but if you get
enough choline your body's going to make
enough everybody's going to make more
carnitine
um carnitine is legendary guys it's and
again it's nothing new it's not a new
it's not even a supplement I hear people
think it's a supplement it's an amino
[ __ ] acid that companies decided to
make a supplement on just a creatine
everyone thinks creatine is this
synthetic thing that people just made in
the lab creatine is made in the body
um said amino acid
but anyway so uh producer can't wait for
this video
um I take Friday
I mean again again if you want to
purchase a cognitine supplement because
you have the money to waste and you want
to use as a backup line once again I I
can't complain but I don't think
people should get the majority of their
nutrients from supplements you guys
already know my stents on that I said in
every video year after year but it never
changes if it works for you great but
I'd rather have you guys get your for
example look five to eight grams of
carnitine right tire trade you're only
getting 10 of that maybe five percent
right some studies show 20 percent
from supplements but really it's really
around five to ten percent so out of
your five grams which is 5 000
milligrams you're only getting 500.
right at best probably even 250. you
know and that's if the supplement
actually has carnitine which is another
reason why I tell you guys just
stop relying on these supplements unless
it's a backup plan
um whereas in red meat you know you're
gonna get some cottage cheese
anyway next
um
every day 10 grams five grams five
kilograms again
if it works for you great but I don't
agree I don't agree with getting all
that from supplements but let's keep
going
um
um and guys trust me like I don't buy
supplements just because I want to like
I've experimented with all of these
things man on clients of myself and I
tell you guys what works what doesn't
work that's why I always tell you the
only supplements that I think everybody
should have right is vitamin D3
if you leave an awful the equator right
and you're not butt naked outside
getting another sunlight because it's
literally impossible to get enough
vitamin D3 from food you have to eat
like pounds and pounds and pounds of
salmon
um you just get fat as [ __ ]
um
or you have to be outside near the
equator butt naked for like hours right
if you're white then you only need like
five to ten minutes but so that's why I
say the only supplement everyone should
take is vitamin D3 because it is
for well to be technical it's not really
supplement but I already made a video
about it go check it out the second one
and that's not mandatory
um it's creatine
um but that's not mandatory because
again your body makes creatine you can
get something from red meat once again
um it's just you get it's a lot more
efficient to get it from supplements
simply because you don't have to put a
lot of strain on your body's methylation
and blah blah I don't want to go into
the nerdy details but the only
supplement that I think everyone should
take if they are not for the equatorial
that don't get enough sunlight or the
living [ __ ]
Norway or Canada somewhere it's vitamin
D3 right
other than that
almost everything else
is obtainable from foods you know at
high enough quantities
but I digress love carnitine and
burritos L contains one the only
supplements I recommend unless you
eating a couple of pounds of beef every
day
um yeah yeah this guy did his research
you know if you take it early you need
like six grams because the pole but
there you go he did his research right
if you take it orally especially through
a supplement you
very bad buy availability whereas with
um from red meat it's actually extremely
high I think it's as high as 70. I have
to double check the the studies on that
but I think it's as high as 70 by
availability in the studies
um from red meat I say 80 I have to
check
um but yeah
name I hope it's true yeah it is true
true let's go uh and this is not new
guys again the the research on cognitine
goes back with at least I think the
first study that showed the effects of
carnitine on Androgen receptors was by
Kramer back in the late 90s or early
2000s so yeah people have known this for
over 20 years
um
again it's another reason why I
emphasize red meat so much you know
because it has so much
so many important you know nutrients
carnitine creatine calling a scene
taurine all right what are the best
sources of corner chain red meat that's
why it's called carnitine corner you
know
um let's see
I thought it was uh how to be this I got
a 50 I got a 50 50 chance there's this
evidence that might decrease the
effectiveness of our hormone I talk
about that study
um in a future video
should put an option for I don't know
I'm guessing yes with a video on DHT by
the way yeah I gotta make videos on DHD
because again I didn't think I I had to
because I figured everyone would know
the importance of DHT but little did I
know that once again you guys were
scammed and we're told that DHT is bad
and you got a black DHD if you don't
want to go bald and blah blah
which again is a half truth and a
half-life DHT if you black this [ __ ] you
are [ __ ] yourself in so many ways but
again I'll I'll make a whole bunch of
videos in DHD you do not repeat you do
not want to block DHD if you're a man
especially if you're going to puberty oh
my God that's a lot of effect that's
what a lot of you guys are walking
around with micropenis you know
um
playing around with the most androgenic
you know hormone in the body you know
the purpose I would say the purpose is
testosterone it should become DHT so
it's like why would you block the most
androgenic hormone in the whole body
but uh anyway there's all the girls in
here MP more place more date says yeah
so yeah oh my God
foreign but he's definitely trolling so
let's see
um too much carnitine is just about it
he said that to to you know what I'm not
gonna get mad I'm never gonna get mad
because I'm pretty sure he said that to
track me because he knows how much I
hate comments like this
um so he definitely said that to troll
me
to be honest I have no idea so I don't
vote seems really for a freshman as well
hop on the road started going to buy all
these boys see look at this idiot
assuming I'm referring the supplements
the moment you mention the compound that
is naturally occurring from Foods or in
a body you guys are so trained to go
straight for supplements that look he
assumed that I was referring to
supplements anyway uh for us
um anyway
uh let's see yeah so
75 percent of people actually got this
one right so that's that's actually
pretty good it's actually pretty good
only uh only a quarter of you mofos are
in a small category for this time
but uh let's see
um
all right guys anyway hope this video
helps uh join the Discord with all the
epic conversations take place make sure
you read the rules so you don't get
banned
um and uh like the video comment busiago
all that good [ __ ] support the channel
buy the bug blah blah blah blah all
right I'm out
all right guys don't forget to like or
share the video subscribe and hit the
bell and buy my HSB nucleus of a little
training program it's the ultimate
program for maximum muscle growth it
includes full body workout splits bro
splits Push Pull home workouts you name
it also comes with a complete guide for
macros nutrition fat loss monster growth
hormones including a meal plan it's
pretty much all my 16 years of
experience
condense into one [ __ ] book you're
also gonna get free copies of any future
Edition so visit team3dalpha.com and you
can use the 40 off coupon code nucleus
overload or you could just buy the share
full price all right guys I'm out of
here
