hi guys what's going on Megan here just
got back from school and work and I come
to you guys I'm gonna make another video
good the semester just started but an
hour well obviously you know what I'm
getting so many more questions there's
so many more views and likes of my
videos and things like that then I was
getting last year I'm giving back right
yes I'm gonna second try some of my free
time as far as you know getting my
schoolwork done it things like that but
a lot of people are blowing up my
YouTube blowing up my Instagram my
Facebook I see me for the same questions
over and over again you know why don't
we just make a [ __ ] video cuz I
probably this is so long ago and just
answer all the questions for now at
least for the next few weeks right by
way I have good news I got accepted into
Virginia Tech yesterday it's about time
long time coming you guys know my story
too long subscribers start college when
I was 16 I was very very bright kid at
the time
but then I made a lot of bad decisions
because I moved out of my own I
experienced a lot of freedom my own
apartment at 17 years old so I was just
[ __ ] around my GPA went from 3.7 3.6
3.2 eventually I started just dropping
out I didn't really give a [ __ ] guys you
know like oh my gosh is why I'm never
gonna go back to school anyway they're
not went back dropped out three times
you know in the long run and I don't
even [ __ ] I didn't even withdraw from my
classes so I had to ask some I
transferred all that [ __ ] so I had to
try to redeem that [ __ ] that's what took
me so long to finally get back on track
right back to you know like a 3.6 I'm
doing this anyway so I'm gonna be
starting taking fall if you go to check
hopefully I'll see you we get a few
workouts in the meantime let's go back
to the to the topic of this video
nucleus Overlord right that's all the
questions I get it right nuclear zocalo
I make videos about it I know there's a
lot of holes a lot of gaps in the videos
where someone sought to answer the
questions that I mentioned another video
here before you watch this please I'm
something these videos short and you
guys on the [ __ ] are all my videos in
every show right I will say that but
then I'm sure so to keep them short I
want to skip some details so make sure
before you watch that you watch the
video I'm gonna put it right here right
called some [ __ ] I'm gonna
so once I make it fast and instead of
questions I answer before us well as far
as my cut is going really well
like I said I dropped down the two of
problems losing 2.4 pounds a week which
is like knows way too much for me so I
totaled like you know take a break
maintain around 208 so I went from 2 or
5 back up the tours are kind of like not
loose to my strengths and I'm cruising
back down the 205 again so only keep it
so that by the end of the 12 weeks I
lost 1 pound a week or one and a half
pound a week not two point five pounds a
week that was way too much so right now
I'm at 205 down to 17 not losing
straight but I'm losing that fullness
you know that glycogen stores in a
muscle and all that [ __ ] all the water
but he [ __ ] be back to the [ __ ]
video so that's how I was doing
so nucleus overload I called the nucleus
we look down with the [ __ ] to call it
right you guys not been doing a lot of
studies on this I mean a lot of research
understanding a lot of [ __ ] research
from from from years even before I
started bodybuilding I was just looking
and observing you know doing my Batman
[ __ ] and it took me a while to to
compile all this [ __ ] guys and after
trial and error after observation
looking at nineties enhance bodybuilders
further you know fellow dudes at the gym
you know the broad science advice all
the [ __ ] I want to compile this [ __ ]
theory but um assuming watch that figure
I've told you the [ __ ] why not
explain what it is and the main question
is people tell me why do we have to take
that time off why do we have to take
that that time off after overtraining
the muscle every single day with demos
frequency water something like that you
know that sound why is it important I
told you guys if you don't take that
time off you you might still grow but
you sacrifice in the [ __ ] out of your
games you missing out on a big
opportunity to get that that [ __ ]
sewer like that video I told you buy
like that they're [ __ ] fast dance
growth that makes people tell you what
did you do whatever so you gotta take
that time off and the reason why is
because the M so I also made a video
about them so I'm gonna try to put it
right here
maybe we know about him source whence
you guys hi I'm so it works it's called
a man it stands for the mammalian target
of rapamycin I think back from my
biochemist
studies and I study my biochemistry just
saw my spreads on but all the day other
days it's the ends up which the main guy
responsible for getting you saw right is
the main guy that starts protein
synthesis protein building muscle
building and studies have shown that in
humans and rats and whatever that be
before you start working out as
responsive right responsive to train
right that's when you start lifting you
put on getting super fast right it's
very responsive in the beginning and
what every subsequent work out it
becomes less and less irresponsible so
they say the first time you train boom
I'm toasters wrapping up like an engine
helps your body synthesize Monsta to
show you put on games right but the
longer you keep training your body
eventually stops at that thing I mean
that's basic evolution right your body
just adapts to be able to perform
whatever tasks you you know you're
trying to get it to do once your body's
able to perform that task
it stops changing it's funny your body
changes to stop changing that's the
whole point your body adapts so that it
doesn't have to keep changing your body
like stay on the [ __ ] same so the
first time you pick up the weight [ __ ]
is this I've never students before let
me adapt to make this task easier that's
where you get stronger as you get bigger
right and then eventually buddies they
are here you don't attempt three sets of
ten and it's a nice same thing over and
over for over two years I don't know
what the [ __ ] I'm expecting I'm not
changing I made enough gains to be able
to handle that
so eventually emptor on a micro-level
beginning becomes less and less
responsive same thing with rats - they
tried it on rats the [ __ ] you put
them on a little I don't know hamster
whatever you [ __ ] call it put weights
on them bad boys that start hypertrophy
and start gaining muscle after a while
decides to look at em so it's no longer
responsive and the rats stopped getting
swole alright so then they put in they
find out that when you D strain the
[ __ ] rats not D low d train minute
you start training in [ __ ] for
up to 12 days and more and you put them
back on the same training system you
don't have you if I can only have to
increase the weight then even have to
progressively progressively overload you
just put the rats back on the second
thing after the break boom they're high
person free now he comes back but
surpasses the previous rape so let's say
they grew up to level 50 you D train
them they go down probably 45 40 as far
as muscle mass right when you put it
back then I'll go back to 50 they were
like 60 75 million but more so and then
human huh but a lot of you I don't if
you ever tried to have a truck working
out cuz I find about accident ecstasy
guys coming to gym all the time they
will train every [ __ ] day they would
get soil - and it's you know to a point
but it will plateau for a long [ __ ]
time he finally took increasing the
weight getting stronger in Christian
calories are still look the [ __ ] same
but it doesn't take a break by pure
accident instead of the gym clothes or
like the scum used to work out a SCSI
let's it of the you know the collars
flow the person lost his membership
whatever it had to go away to like
Barbados whatever every time he's [ __ ]
the skin back it happened to be my
friends but I'm coming I can't wait to
get back in the gym we'll look at them
and I saw your games and we figured out
just getting back right no not only they
got the games back in a fast amount of
time like muscle memory of many beauty
expending what that is watch right here
but only thing I think gains back but
that grew past the previous sticking
point which is amazing right you're like
you expect them to come back to the wood
HP but no boom and Emmett are explains
there you know they got the D training
and so had the time to reset and all
that [ __ ]
may go back in the gym boom it's a
little more than I'm so that's what this
video is for - with you guys what else
is taking place - on the D training
session but it's a little works alright
this is why you have to take that break
cameras [ __ ] learning yeah
when you build muscle you need two steps
step one step two right two basic steps
right once again this more complicated
than that but I'm boiling it down for
you citizens out there right yeah I said
that [ __ ] step one is I'm gonna compare
it to building a castle or cooking yep
so could you continue cooking some do
you have those have two steps to prep
face and the actual cooking right
the per face is when you put your onions
you dice up your carrots tomatoes all
that [ __ ] the cooking face when your
should put everything together and build
your masterpiece right sympathy we're
building a castle first you got your
preparation when you bring the brakes in
you put in the cement the motor all that
[ __ ] you'll hire your workers and then
you have the building Fishman actually
building the [ __ ] castle right simply
a body building building muscle pressure
body has a prep phase before you build
muscle the prefect's is your body wants
to make sure all the energy systems are
in place where your body to put on
right you might even show your mother
country is working well everybody needs
Walmart country that will do so that's
why you're doing the whole
high-frequency think I'm due to that
later if I to make sure you're on the
right home one on environment i GF one
MMG have my general all these things of
getting ready your capillaries to
develop the oxygen and the blood to the
muscle the nucleus the satellite cells
that's why the first time when you go on
the whole over overtraining the clothes
a little thing you're not really seeing
a lot of games you just pumping blood
into the muscle your glycogen storage
your glad with your glycogen capacity is
increasing right energy storage your
capillaries uh you know multiply your
mother country and by genesis your
body's just getting ready to supply
muscle if it's kind of like you're
cutting up your Tomatoes you're getting
the [ __ ] out of the [ __ ] fridge
you're paying the workers you're
bringing them together you design the
plan then once you have that let's say
at level level forty right level
you know level forty now your body's
able to use all that and build the
[ __ ] muscle now let's see you eye
level forty right let's say you a level
for me expose as far as on both the
preparation all the sarcoplasm
all the [ __ ] i just talked about with
some gaku gin capillaries a glucose
transporters all that fancy [ __ ] right
now let's say for each number so for
forty you can also get forty uh whatever
units of muscle right so because you
have 40 workers right I'm making it as
simple as possible 40 workers your super
to build muscle at level 40 boom you
were from zero to 40 because you're 40
workers but then because each worker for
each point you'd only get one here right
but then what happens you [ __ ] pops
oh right because you trying to get
bigger you trying to get to 45 but you
only got 40 workers right so your bodies
plots on it's like forty forty right
mostly I'm making these numbers right
for you to go up to build more muscle
you have to increase the work that's
what people are trying to do when they
reach a plateau like I'm not getting
bigger I'm not getting I'm increasing my
calories I'm just getting fat I'm
training hard I left them here but I'm
not growing what you're doing is you
giving more breaks but you're not
increasing your workers and that's the
principle
economics right you can't just increase
productivity by just throwing more
[ __ ] raw materials you gotta either
make the work
for us better or you gotta increase the
workforce right so at this games you
give them a protein more weights more
progressive overload but they're like
[ __ ] man each worker has one thing to
worry about those 4244 you to increase
your muscle size you have to either
increase your workers by adding more
than most satellite cells that's what I
mentioned in another video more
satellite cell has more mitochondria
more glucose transporters all that [ __ ]
by either increasing your workers or
increasing their productivity
that's where Emmett all comes in that's
where and that's what when you do the
training phase you think you're not
you're not just increasing him so you're
not really increasing them so you all
when you hide inside like this but what
you're doing is you're making it more
efficient so your workers were at 40 but
there was a study getting tired as [ __ ]
I'm so sorry getting tired when you do
that the training [ __ ]
here's the time to refresh he said man I
could when I get back to work I'm gonna
stop [ __ ] shut up right so eventually
when you come back to training you know
he's still at 40 but now instead of
don't look for money probably do more so
that's it you have 40 and now you got 42
here right but then why are you doing
the high frequency thing that every day
pumping reps doing on that [ __ ] getting
on the clock again in there all the
Googlers or that face you [ __ ] you don't
you don't know they have 40 workers now
now you got like 60 workers right
because let's say each [ __ ] worker had
a kid and the kid grew up overnight I
don't [ __ ] alright so now you got 60
workers right they don't pull this like
a [ __ ]
60 workers and now you could go from 60
instead of 49 you got 60 as well plus
the two folks you know for EM so and so
plays a big role right so in order for
you to increase your muscle so I gotta
for you to make your castle bigger you
had to increase the productivity of that
buff of your workers as well as hire new
[ __ ] workers right and that's what
happens doing the everyday exciting
thing you really getting your body ready
to increase workers and though the time
off you increasing the productivity
other [ __ ] and you know you
helping everybody else we crude they're
homies and you know things like that and
that's what really happens and you say
you wanna go up to level 80 don't just
lift more weights and eat more food
increase the number of [ __ ] workers
bring this [ __ ] up to 80 or increase the
productivity that's what made nucleus
all the little work so [ __ ] world for
me
huh all these does that I made videos on
right that's the main thing is happening
step one step two step one step two you
cannot get a bigger castle unless you
increase your workers you cannot get
bigger unless you keep increasing that's
why when you first start lifting your
body grows why because when you first
start lifting
let's say you have thirty workers yeah
like probably ten as far as muscle cool
thirty and ten
all right ending back to my main of rule
about not being equal well you started
working he was easy to go from from
10:30 right because you had the workers
but you hit that plateau where each to
each uh work at 2p Kendall more right so
that's when you go back to that whole
you know increasing Dean what does I
gotta sell you um I don't [ __ ] video
hope it's not [ __ ] ten minutes man
thirteen [ __ ] minutes alright guys
hope that answered the question as to
why you gotta take the time off face you
found may something time video question
before you comment and type the question
on this in a separate video
but um this is the magic inclusive below
that's why I work so well you train
every day high volume high reps ha all
that [ __ ] not too heavy
also not to like you know get all the
workers ready to settle ourselves i Jim
all the old ugly [ __ ] goes in right oh
the new nucleus every time a nucleus
goes into a muscle it donates I'm if
someone satellite cell which is a stem
cell goes into the muscle of it doors
into the new nucleus but there's no
nucleus you have a new helmet or new all
that [ __ ] right so you're doing this for
doing all over the four week over
training face then when you take a break
I'm so used to reset and it just starts
to blow up right so that goes miss
willows in the [ __ ] third seem in a
nutshell make sure you watch a lot of
other videos I mentioned that's what cuz
this videos not even I'm just scratching
the surface right I didn't even
mentioned everything but make sure you
watch other videos were all the details
and how I came about how I discovered
this [ __ ] right by pure accident and so
you're not allowed to study the Nishat
because it's very hard if I
[ __ ] to volunteer and train
every [ __ ] day it's hard [ __ ] work
and we don't want to do that not only
that it's also hard because studies on
beginners don't give you the same result
that studies and people have been
training for long summer whatever you're
training for a long time don't want to
take risks they don't want to
try something that magazines told them
not to [ __ ] do so it's hard to find
the science of it that's why it was very
hard for me to discover this thing I had
to put together things from left and
right so I've really had to take a lot
of pride in this [ __ ] because it changed
my [ __ ] life guys I'm making
phenomenal gains I mean just I'm growing
faster than anything I was growing when
I first started [ __ ] much I got the
Alpha ask me if you got any questions
and stay tuned for oh one more thing
bear me one what they hadn't said you
guys some of you guys like London Museum
we shut the [ __ ] up what they have to
tell you guys is um that's also the
reason why that four separate video yeah
because that's that's a big discovery
yes American story yeah guys like I cut
off so I'm gonna keep that full second
video up once again thanks for liking
videos thanks for commenting sharing all
that good [ __ ] a channel grew a lot
since I started a we're gonna guys the
88 I will never forget that number when
I hit 88 subscribers I was it was the
best day of my life I'll subscribe and
now the Queen oh look where we at now
thanks to the support of two other
YouTube channels you guys you know
liking and sharing and things like that
we had 28 - 29 [ __ ] it's ugly
alright we almost had 30,000 guys from
88 subscribers puny million at 80
subscribers to 30,000 right we grew to
have to be to impact a lot of [ __ ]
people right I love seeing the messages
every [ __ ] day all the people are
saying oh you changed my life to the
motivational videos that I sort of crazy
research that you did I'm a [ __ ] man
I gotta ego and that really makes me
[ __ ] and I really appreciate helping
you guys also appreciate the feedback
I'm getting so thanks a lot and let's
give you 3d movement going pixels for
buying the t-shirts for suiting up the
cells are going through the roof now
slowing down for some reason but once
again II went through so thanks for
supporting me thanks for everything you
guys are doing I'm gonna keep making
videos as long as I can and spot in my
busy schedule right because because my
youtube family right I'm up
you
come on I see anybody your husband and
we spare the maximum advertising for us
waiting
