hey guys just a quick video showing you
the supplements I'm using now low budget
lean muscle broke every [ __ ] day so
so I can afford but the amazing thing is
you'll be surprised at how well those
things work especially this guy right
here super Advanced creatin high
performance I used to take these when I
used to LIF a few years back um the
Walmart Kroger Brands pretty cheap I
think like after tax they come out to
like $20 and when they on sale they
usually $15 but but it's not bad you
know it's um fruit punch it tastes great
I won't lie it tastes really awesome and
it actually works you know you know I
remember I used to bench two plates
which is 225 back when I used to take
this um now I'm back down to 185 but you
that's cuz I lost a lot of you know I
started dieting you know all that crap
went through a cutting face all those
things so I lost a lot of strength but
this supplement is actually great and it
fills your muscles with water like it's
supposed to it makes you look a lot
rounder a lot bigger and um this is my
first time trying this one cuz it's the
only one that had on sale I think it was
like $19 or $20 um it tastes great you
it tastes good it's not great but it's
not bad either it's just normal I
usually take it with milk or
water um one scoop is
um about 20 something
G and um The Only Gay thing about this
[ __ ] right here is uh it's never filled
up to the top and I know most most of
them are not filled up to the top but
this one is actually worse like it's
like all the way over here I'm
exaggerating but like it's like
somewhere in this area it's not even
here so that's the gay thing about it
and um I never use this anymore I don't
know why it's because um maybe because
it's so strong I won't lie to you guys
this is like the probably the best
pre-workout supplement out there every
time I take it it never fails the only
reason why I stopped taking it is
because it's too good what do I mean it
gives me so much energy that even when
I'm done working out by my 45 50 minute
Mark I still want to go for another 2
hours every time I take this supplement
Jack 3D I end up doing two three body
parts in one day which is super bad you
know I go in for back when I'm done
doing 45 minutes of back I should be
exhausted but I have enough energy to do
legs and and all these other things and
I just hate it you know and I hate you I
know you think it well just you know
walk out of the gym it's not that easy
when you on Jack 3D you feel so you feel
like a crackhead man you're so freaking
energetic and hype you just want to
squat everything deadlift everything you
see it's it's too powerful it's way too
powerful so I only take this when I
don't feel like going to the gym and I'm
actually lazy I take it in and gives me
that energy and I just get up and go to
the gym so but I don't take that on the
day when I'm actually motivated because
I'm going end up working out everything
from my penis to my intestines and [ __ ]
like that and um one guy that I just
stopped using this thing here man it was
good when I first took it supposed to
serve as a creatine supplement it was
good when I first took it but now just
after a while I just reached the plateau
I just wasn't getting any shrim games
and it just wasn't doing anything you
know and it just G me a lot of water
retention so I just stopped using this
but Jack 3D by far the best pre-workout
supplement out there well I can't really
say the best because that's the only one
I've tried but I'm telling you guys it I
don't think there's anything better than
Jack 3 based on my based on you know
what I seen it it it gives me so much
freaking strength man I start glowing
and [ __ ] going Super Saiyan so yeah um I
usually take the Walmart Kroger Brand um
protein Shake but like I said I was just
trying this one out and you know I mean
it's decent but this guy's the MVP right
now these two guys cre and the Jack 3D
all right
