hey guys what's going on megan here i'm
gonna try to make this one quick so this
is a follow-up on last tuesday's
video i think it was last tuesday but we
went over to different bodybuilding
genetics right from the low responders
all the way to the freaking legends and
one of the top questions was how should
you train based on your genetics now
again disclaimer for those who haven't
watched the first video you should watch
it but long story short if anyone tells
you
that
you could train the exact same way as
your favorite influencer your favorite
bodybuilder whatever and make progress
at the same pace
run for your [ __ ] life right they
have no clue what they're talking about
and i just regard you setting [ __ ]
okay
studies have shown that when you
manipulate training variables the amount
of low responders for this for those of
you guys who don't know for every study
you're always going to have low
responders higher responders right any
training protocol no one gets no one
comes out of the training protocol with
the sim games right you always have low
responders middle responders high
responders right but what studies have
found is that azure manipulation any
variables like weight
volume special volume
the number of low responders change so
as you increase volume for instance you
end up with
less low responders all that means is
that some people respond to low volume
some people respond
to high volume some people respond
better to extremely high intensities so
very close to your one way max some
don't so that's why it's important to
know where you [ __ ] lie because the
fitness industry is full of people down
here taking the rise from people who are
up here and they're wondering why
they're not getting the same gains and
then they quit and they say oh my gosh
just bad no you training wrong and i've
seen this with my own eyes guys i've
seen guys like god i've been doing this
for 16 years i've seen guys who walk
into a gym and do the bare minimum and
make ridiculous gains then you have
others who have to do double in some
cases triple the volume
in order to get the same results so you
have to understand how your genetics
influence
your response to training so that you
can plan accordingly the main things
we're going to look at is obviously
training and nutrition right so let's
start with the low responders right
these are the people who are just [ __ ]
in life right [ __ ] parents [ __ ] mom [ __ ]
pops right very hard for them to put on
muscle very simple guess what when you
have shoe genetics guys it does not mean
that you can't build muscle no no no it
simply means that you have to work twice
as hard and be twice as disciplined in
order to put on as much muscle as
someone who's half acid right so don't
think oh i have [ __ ] genetics
bodybuilding is not for me wrong it just
means you have to work harder and i've
seen this throughout my whole life over
and over again people who thought they
had [ __ ] genetics which in fact they did
but when we manipulated training
variables they blew the [ __ ] up so if
you're a low responder training number
one your best friend is volume because
first of all you understand why you're a
low response if you're low respondent
means you have [ __ ] receptor sensitivity
your my stand levels are probably too
high you probably have the shitty
version of the aldrin receptor you're
probably lacking in actin in three your
nitrogen oxide synthase is not working
properly and last but not least your
immune system is trash right those are
the top things that really influence how
fast you grow from training so if you're
a low responder it simply means your
protein synthesis response is trashed
right so if a person with good genetics
goes to the gym and they lift weights
let's say they get 150 increase in
muscle protein synthesis myofibrillate
that is you're probably getting half of
that right also if a person with good
genetic strains and let's say on average
the muscle protein synthesis stays up
for about 24 hours if you've been
training for a long time it's about 16
hours and it starts to go back towards
baseline for you it's probably even less
than that so what does that mean you
simply have
to train with slightly more volume
slightly more frequency right you can't
afford to go to the gym and kill
yourself create way too much muscle
damage and have to wait a whole week to
recover no you want to go in stimulate
protein sentences get the [ __ ] out come
back the next day right you want to keep
that protease and this is elevated so
higher weekly volume
higher frequency training away from
failure at least one or two hours away
from failure right because if you go
balls deep to absolute failure then
you're not gonna be able to come back
within a day or two and obviously like i
would say you want to aim for three to
five heart sets per exercise so this is
how you should train if you're low
respondent because remember your goal is
to just keep protein sentences elevated
every single day as far as recovery goes
you cannot be in a caloric deficit it
blows my mind how many guys with [ __ ]
genetics are constantly saying i'm
trying to get my six-pack i'm trying to
cut you have no muscle on you
[ __ ] you need to pack on masks
so that cutting can be easier in the
future now i'm not saying go into dirty
bulk right because you're just going to
get fat as [ __ ] but you need to be in a
slight caloric surplus at least 500
calories because remember a slight
deficit can cause up to a 20 to 30
reduction in protein sentences
so if you're one of the guys down here
you cannot afford to go on the cut
unless you've accumulated enough
contractile tissue right enough muscle
so train more frequently train with high
volume and make sure you're in a slight
caloric surplus right high carbs high
protein and enough fats for hormone
production and vitamin absorption next
if you're a normal responder right same
thing right you're the average guy
that's where most people watching this
video all right you're gonna be between
normal responders and low responders so
pretty much you're going to train like a
low responder but you can have a break
right you could train uh let's say your
first year in the gym you could train
three times a week right full body
workout every other day maybe four times
a week right the person down here you
got to try to make sure you're in the
gym as much as possible right if you're
low responder you got to be in the gym
at least four to six times a week right
obviously you want to start with three
times a week for a few weeks until your
body adapts and then you slowly want to
uh progressive overload by adding
frequency of volume if you're a normal
responder you can get away with training
three times a week full body workout or
push pull up or lower whatever right
because you have a normal response to
training normal rgf1 pathway normal
myostatin pathway normal androgen
receptor sensitivity
normal amount of myonuclei normal amount
of satellite cells your immune system is
okay right so again you don't need to go
[ __ ] crazy as far as caloric intake
250 calorie surplus you should be fine
right you're not going to put on a lot
of muscle if you stay at maintenance
unless you're obese of course right so
when it comes to nutrition you want to
be in a slight surplus remember guys
protein synthesis is very metabolically
expensive
it is extremely sensitive to the energy
status of the cell right so the moment
you go on the deficit everything slows
down this is fact this is not an opinion
you can train as hard as you [ __ ]
want but unless you have top tier
genetics the moment you're going to call
it deficit the first thing that drops is
protein senses which makes sense right
when you broke you don't start buying
lambos right you don't stop buying
expensive [ __ ] so when you deficient in
calories your body starts to slow down
all the costly expensive [ __ ] building
muscle is not a priority for your
[ __ ] body your body cares about
survival above all else so again normal
responder three times a week food by the
workout you fine or you could do upper
lower push-pull whatever
you two guys down here stay the [ __ ]
away from bro splits right you cannot
afford to just train a muscle once a
week are you still going to grow of
course you're going to grow but it's
going to take you millennia next
you have the super responders right
that's over 90
of your fitness influencers right 90 of
the guys who are on instagram youtube
tic tock what amazing physiques blah
blah blah blah most of you got a super
responders how do we know because they
don't know what the [ __ ] they're talking
about right only a very small percentage
of the top fitness guys actually know
what they're saying
trust me i've been on youtube for over
10 years you'll be amazed at how
clueless some of these guys are they
just regard you said a bunch of [ __ ]
that they heard another quote-unquote
expert say but they put on muscle so you
can't really blame them they're not out
there to mislead you it's just
everything [ __ ] works for them right
so if you're a super responder well
chances are you're not watching this
video so if you're a super responder as
far as training split you can pick any
training split you want you could do
bros place you could do full body
workout you could do push pull upper
lower it doesn't really matter you have
a great immune system
great protein synthesis response your
androgen receptor sensitivity is top
notch so when a super responder hits the
gym not only they get a bigger spike in
protein synthesis but that spike is
sustained over a longer period of time
dna transcription paraphrase on point
rna translation paraphrase on point and
these are the guys who even build muscle
a lot of these guys can actually build
muscle in a deficit even if they've been
training for a long time right they
don't need to over analyze calories they
don't need to over analyze macros and
all that [ __ ] right how do i know this
because a lot of my friends are super
responders i ask them dude what's your
macros they're like wait what the [ __ ]
is macro dude they literally eat popcorn
and chips and [ __ ] beef jerkys and
put on gains
right i look at the macros and i'm like
how the [ __ ] are you building muscle all
right so these are the guys who just go
to the gym and just progressively
overload and put on gains so once again
when it comes to training you guys up
here you could do any split you want in
fact it's even more optimal for these
guys to do bro splits because
why the [ __ ] not it's the most fun split
anyway so if you can grow from bro
splits why not do it they can hit a
muscle on monday not have to hit it
until the following monday and still
maintain protein sentences and again as
far as nutrition goes they don't
necessarily have to be in a huge surplus
to put on muscle next you have the hyper
responders right
very very very very small percentage of
the population
these guys have extremely sensitive
androgen receptors which is why once
again they could take low doses of
steroids and blow the [ __ ] up
be careful though because most hyper
responders are also prone to prostate
cancer for the very same reason the
androgen receptor is just
beast mode they have
favorable mice and polymorphism right
they're not deficient in my stand but
but they have favorable polymorphisms
the immune system is amazing so that
helps speed up recovery from the gym and
over 99 of them have the good version
the good alleles of actin in three right
so they pretty much are so these are the
guys like the rock these other guys like
uh your chris bump stats these other
guys like again the people that you see
at the ifbb level right top 10 top 15 at
the at the mr olympia very good genetics
and also very very good responders to
anabolic steroids right they could take
small doses of deca small doses of d
ball test and blow the [ __ ] up because
once again the androgen receptors are
just that sensitive when it comes to
training again they could do the bare
minimum bro splits
[ __ ] three sets for exercise blah
blah blah that's enough for them
nutrition same thing they can have
faster nutrition and stop and still make
amazing gains as long as they're getting
enough protein of course right these
guys are so rare that only two of my
friends trust me i know a lot of people
from different kinds different countries
africa europe america only two of my
friends are hyper responders and if that
went on if they decided to hop on the
juice that would be on the bodybuilding
stage that's how ray hyper responders
are meanwhile i know a lot of friends
who are super responders mainly my
nigerian my friends from ghana cameroon
congo you name it now last but not least
you have the [ __ ]
legends so this is what you do if you're
a [ __ ] legend you go to the gym
you close your eyes you sniff the
[ __ ] waist and you walk the [ __ ] out
right these guys don't even have to work
out these are the guys who look amazing
in their before picture and like i
always say they don't even know it they
say oh look at my before and after
picture hard work look how far i came
and i'm like [ __ ] your before picture
is our dream body right so the [ __ ]
legends these guys don't even [ __ ]
have to work out right they can grow on
any split full bodies split push-pull
upper lower because frequency doesn't
[ __ ] matter they can hit a muscle
once a week once every two weeks in fact
if you listen to their interviews a lot
of these guys
will have body parts that they don't
even train that they don't even train
they're like yeah this body part i
barely hit it but it just grows right so
they have a ton of myonuclei a ton of
satellite cells they have my statin
deficiencies or their bodies over
produced phylostatin
don't even get me started on the
androgen receptor these are the top
zero zero zero one percent of the
population right not even top one
percent
these are the ronnie coleman's the jay
cutler the phil heath the kai greens
these are the guys who plays top five
after mr olympia now you might think oh
it's just the roids you're a [ __ ]
clown if you're a low responder or a
normal responder you can take all the
[ __ ] drugs in the world
at best you're gonna move up one or two
tears right these guys will be the mr
olympia's even if steroids will never be
invented and as far as nutrition these
are the guys who can't even put on
muscle while they're in a severe caloric
deficit because they just have very very
little myostatin activity or their
bodies overproduced phylostatin and in
some cases they're just so lucky that
the active n2b receptor is just
non-functional so not only my stan has a
hard time [ __ ] at gains but also
active in it right but i say guys so
this is how you should train based on
where you lie on the genetic spectrum
very very very important that you know
this if you down here don't train like
someone who's up here the lower you are
on this tail list the more frequency and
volume you have to train with and the
more meticulous you have to be with your
macros your caloric intake your protein
your carbs on and so forth the higher
you go yeah obviously you still have to
eat right but you can get away with a
shitty diet you can get away with
sub-optimal training you can get away
with uh sub-optimal training frequencies
about the more volume all right hope
this video helps guys if i missed
anything comment below and i'll probably
make a video on it alright i'm outta
here alright guys don't forget to like
or share the video subscribe and hit the
bell and buy my hsp nucleus of a little
training program it's the ultimate
program for maximum muscle growth it
includes full body workout splits bro
splits push pull home workouts you name
it also comes with a complete guide for
macros nutrition fat loss muscle growth
hormones including a meal plan it's
pretty much all my 16 years of
experience
condensed into one [ __ ] book you're
also gonna get free copies of any future
edition so visit team3d alpha.com and
you can use the forty percent off coupon
code nucleus overload or you could just
buy this [ __ ] at full price all right
guys i'm outta here
